what is up everyone welcome to the WAN
show wow that's all the energy I can
muster today sick in any other Universe
where breaking the streak was an option
I think I wouldn't be here today but
let's
go what are you two topics and I almost
pulled all nighters so we're going to
get into why that was and uh why we're
here anyway uh what else we got today oh
right tick Tok is B but no for real this
time but wait no maybe not you know what
no you're right that topic sucks it's
boring okay Mozilla blasts dating apps
for dropping their privacy standards and
this is um a bigger deal even than it
sounds like I was floored when I was
reading through this okay what else we
got today uh Gamers escape from Escape
from tarov it might finally be over if
the cheaters weren't enough we've got a
doozy for you uh also nice I don't know
what else uh net neutrality might be
back uh FCC votes to restore Obama Obama
uh era rules repealed under Trump we're
restoring Obama I mean you look you see
the you see the pictures the day he
started his term and the day his term
ended we're going to restore him boys
we're going to we're going to put that
black hair
back he's going to look less
haunted dude seen some stuff oh boy just
roll the intro we got
this wait
what pretty sick
huh this is
[Music]
awesome yeah dead dead in the corner
oh man that's great that's awesome
pretty cool hey did you see that on
Reddit uh I saw the post but I never
ended up actually watching it I I meant
to but I think I just forgot oh my God
so that's pretty great it's amazing it's
like it really raises the question why
did we ever bother to try to create our
own intros for anything you know that
the LT uh 3d1 is based on uh just a
random viewer that created that and then
we we reached out to them we had it
tweaked and uh and now we use that as
well wow that's pretty great yeah it's
it's pretty cool like that must have
been correct me if I'm wrong guys if
you're in the audience and you're going
like oh yeah that's really simple or
something then by all means let me know
but that looked like a freaking ton of
work to me absolutely incredible uh we
have one of the most and I I'm not just
blowing smoke we have one of the most
talented viewer bases is out there when
I see stuff like that it just absolutely
blows my mind so that that was super
cool um I feel terrible for not knowing
the name of the person who submitted it
do we have that handy Nate yes that's a
by Nate C absolutely killed it um he
remade a special version for me without
the ending credit so that I could put
our sponsors over it uh even supplied
the font that was going to be for it um
super awesome that is so cool did we
give him did we give him money I I don't
know we can follow up if you want okay
um yeah let's uh yeah I'm going to send
a message to uh to Vance and I'm going
to make sure that some money leaves our
bank account while you do that you were
talking about amazing we have a very
creative Community uh escape from tarov
has a very angry Community uh escape
from tarov developer battle State games
has angered fans by releasing a new 250
Us doll version of the game you heard it
right after taxes and fees and
everything else this is like almost 400
Canadian or something like that I don't
remember exactly um but the the fees and
taxes are pretty brutal as well it is
wildly expensive have you not heard of
this no yeah okay this is why I wanted
to include this topic dude you done
nothing but shoot videos and inhale
paint fumes this week so I have no idea
what's going on yeah $50 uh version of
the game the pricey new unheard Edition
uh includes access to an offline PVE
co-op mode which uh supports all of the
quests and everything else that the main
game does all able to be done in PVE
Coop that's actually pretty cool like I
would probably enjoy that version of the
game more because the reality of it is I
love the concept but I'm not sweaty
enough to play tarov yeah hold on though
that existing at all is not why people
are mad we'll get there in a second cuz
people love the idea that that's a thing
yeah totally people have been begging
for this for I don't know it's the whole
time the game has existed so yeah
totally no problem um as long as they're
not plastic bagging those are banned
then everything's
good sorry my brain's a little stupid
today okay this this uh PVE co-op mode
will will have persistent progress so
when the game wipes it won't reset every
time um cool yeah so those things those
things are good have like like like
Boulder's Gate or whatever like you
could have like a campaign that you're
playing with your friends yeah and
you're and you're it's a co- mode so if
if yeah if you can't play all the out of
that yeah exactly me too I would there's
there's um cuz like every time I touch
tarov it's wiped like I just I it's not
the kind of thing that I can commit to
playing every day or every other day I
genuinely think every time we have
played you've had a fresh character so
it is what it is um yeah I think it's
fantastic there's there's unsanctioned
they don't like it uh this is I don't
know the where the legality lies on this
but there's like this thing called spt
tarov where it's single player tarov and
there is an unofficial co-op mode thing
but those are all uh battle State games
fights against those and doesn't like
those those are uh they they think
they're bad so this is like an official
one um the Games official Twitter
account has confirmed that this mode is
exclusive to the $250 US pre- taxes
prees unheard Edition this is a big deal
really big deal I have hold on I have a
big question here yeah how did they know
that I hadn't heard about
it I just hit my face against the mic
that made me face pal so hard
um this is a big deal since the yeah
there you go this a big deal since the
$50 US Edge of Darkness Edition which is
no longer available for purchase
promised buyers free access to all
subsequent dlc's and there is actually
on the
subreddit uh there's a screenshot of a
tweet are they arguing this
is they're arguing that it's a feature
not a
DLC well what the heck is a DLC yeah
what is the difference there's a
tweet go for it can we get together and
Define what exactly DLC means because as
far as I can tell it's a catchall term
it's content you okay well tell me this
do you download this or do they mail it
to
you I would it would be so funny if if
they mailed this to
everyone to like try to get around it
that would be hilarious I that would
explain the cost yeah uh I still don't
think so um there there's a there'ss
what they're mailing You Luke I I have
you ever tried to mail a box of weasels
like we don't know what they're
mailing oh man no sleep less is a heck
of a thing
um the uh what was I going to say
there's there's been quotes from them
before about saying how like EOD or Edge
of Darkness is supposed to be the the
highest tier they're ever going to
release um there's a screenshot of a
tweet that says you don't need to buy
anything at any stage if you have EOD
you don't even have to pay for DLCs in
the future you're all in for all of it
coming um it's it's yeah and this would
also tie in with the fact that EOD or
Edge of Darkness with this all dlc's
thing has existed I think since 2017 or
2016 even yeah I'm not sure but it's
been at least 2017 and um the only thing
DLC a that has been available to them
has been a very recent release of
something called tarov Arena which oh no
way I would argue the bought aise of
future yeah and bought promise future
content and then well they delivered
partially and then decided that they're
altering the deal pray they don't alter
it further I mean is the tarov audience
this Stockholm syndrome that they just
this is their game
that's the way that I see it every time
I play tarov dude I'm like look if I
wasn't living and breathing The Meta of
this game there is absolutely no way
like I couldn't I couldn't possibly hope
and some games aren't like that some
games you can drop in 6 months later and
fundamentally kind of know what you're
doing you know you you jump into Team
Fortress 2 it's like oh there's new hats
you know whatever I'm probably G to get
beaned by a you know flying squirrel or
something um
but but but tarov it really does feel
like if you're not on top of it you just
have no idea so presumably then this is
the game that a lot of these people play
and this is going to sound crazy this is
going to upset some people but
$250 over a span of let's say let's say
it's a year let's say it's a year that
they this going up you know they they
actually yeah that they actually have
this be the top tier or whatever um
that's 20 bucks a month compared to what
some people out there who play one game
are spending on their Cosmetics are
spending on their
microtransactions it's not
even that crazy now one second I would
never pay it absolutely not yeah and
theoretically I'm trying to say is dude
people are going to pay it yes and and
some people already have some streamers
already have uh which was a little
disappointing battle st's going to learn
nothing
uh I think they're going to learn
something actually uh their player Bas
is their player base is extremely on
fire right now the uh the subreddit is
on fire people are trying to spin up uh
like lawsuits because again there was a
version that said you get all DLC
they've been quoted saying that you
don't have to pay anything again because
you own all the things and then now they
release something that is uh incredibly
more expensive than it was before um and
there's there's there's there's
continued issues we're not even through
the main body of this this topic there's
a lot to talk about here you mentioned
there being no other I got to jump in I
got to jump in for a second though
because timestamp guy nokey he's coming
in correcting me on Team Fortress 2 says
you often use TF2 as an example but they
haven't added any new weapons since
jungle Inferno 2017 metas pop up every
now and then but nearly everything has
been static ever since okay well let me
tell you something Noki I play Team
Fortress 2 once every approximately
three years
yeah so
sorry yes you're you're you're probably
right my my big moment for TF2 was when
they started adding all the like Rando
weapons and I was just like oh okay now
I have to pay attention to this game a
lot you're right uh it's not really a
huge issue anymore because valve has
kind of moved on to other money-making
Endeavors but uh it was an example back
then and I should have clarified because
I should have known that they haven't
added any weapons jungle Inferno 2017
thank you very much Noki and can we just
get a little bit of appreciation for
Noki those time every week like an
absolute Chad yeah all right thank you
uh flow plane customer support Joe in in
FL plane chat said offline co-op
progression servers are slammed with 20
to 30 minute Q times people are buying
it so I'm sad um which this is like man
that is the most if EOD buyers so people
who bought the Edge of Darkness Edition
that said they got all the free DLC and
they never need to pay for anything
again if those people upgraded their
accounts that's like the
most I feel like this is like an
outdated term but that's like the most
beta thing
ever they just scammed the hell out of
you oh wow it's going to be you with the
hot takes today yeah they just scammed
the hell out of you and you were like
all right yeah please take more of my
money uh you just abused me here let me
let me financially support you further
so yeah that's that's a little weird to
me I don't I don't support that at all
but but anyways uh moving forward I'm
going to try to get through more of this
topic and then we can we can discuss oh
no no I'm not actually I'm going to
tangent again you said there's no other
games um funny
timing uh there's a very recent game now
in early ACC is it an early access no
it's you can just request it I think
they had a play test recently or
something I'm not really sure what's
going on with this but grey Zone Warfare
is a game that has like a it's it's not
the same thing but it will probably
capture a very similar audience so uh uh
during this battle State Games I think
most notably Nikita got in a direct
argument with another game called Arena
breakout infinite that they are claiming
um is a direct ripoff of tarov so maybe
there is an alternative for people um
but we'll
see oh my God I just I just read the
next bullet point this is unbelievable
in an attempt to fix the situation
battle State game Co Nikita bu took to
redit to announce this is great they're
giving Edge of Darkness buyer access to
the offline PVE mode this is less great
for six months yeah that is
unhinged yeah that's not the next bullet
point though there's more uh this is a
super you know super hardcore game you
die you lose all your stuff um and this
edition of the game is directly
unquestionably
pay to win in multiple ways uh you've
you've played why would you have a Pay
to Win Co-op game Luke no no why would
you have PVE pay to
win this this the the features are in
Co-op but also in the main
game so there's there's things like
uh let let me see if I can
find yeah here we go wait no this is
update regarding the EOD Edition uh man
you know I hate to I hate to generalize
but can Gamers grow a backbone a little
bit Yeah like The Gaming Community has
to be one of the most whiny communities
but when it comes time to actually just
do something or better yet not do
something just don't buy it they can't
and I realize I've probably gone on this
rant before but like this is just
embarrassing I mean look I don't think
you're allowed to use the term beta mail
anymore maybe not I don't
know it's for real it's just like you're
you're getting you're getting abused and
then giving them more money yeah it's
like it's I I don't maybe there's a more
correct current term I don't I don't
know what it is
um but yeah let let me read through some
of the the features of this addition um
fine I'm not even going to read through
all of them because one of them's like
digital copy preload which is like who
cares so access to that PVE mode that's
cool um I wish there was other ways to
buy it so you didn't have to spend an
amount of money that most people don't
even have to spend on video games at all
let alone uh one of them uh increased
stash size so that's like mostly a no
way you you get a bigger stash so hold
on it's so much worse it's so much worse
oh no um expanded PMC Pockets so while
you're playing you have a Li mited
amount of inventory Space the game works
in it has a very complicated and
important economy uh and being able to
take more things out of the raid will
make it so that in future raids you're
going to be better geared because you
have a better financial situation and
having increased pocket SI a cumulative
effect yeah so before you know whatever
it'll have a Snowball Effect because if
you can take so much more stuff out you
can carry out more stuff to sell you can
and then you can buy more cooler stuff
which means you can kill people even
more easily and better and raid their
stuff and take even more of it this is
ridiculous and it makes it so that if
you're trying to do a run where you're
trying to be very economic you can
actually bring less stuff in because not
only do you have more pocket slots
before you had four one by one pocket
slots now you have two one by one pocket
slots and two 2 by1 pocket slots so you
have tall I'm beginning to think you can
put like full siiz magaz to think there
is
isn't I I don't dude I don't think that
there is a scandal big enough to make
Gamers wake up like literally this
version of the game could be could be
called give me your money [__] Edition
internally that could be internal code
name that that could leak and Gamers
would do it anyway yeah yeah uh so in
addition to the the pockets and the
stash size you also have an increased uh
like uh reputation standing with one of
the the characters in the game called
fence so that you can sell more stuff on
the flea market which is like
player-to-player selling and you have
more slots on the flea market so you can
put more things on the flea market which
is directly going to mean that you're
going to be able to make more money
faster which is a huge portion of the
game uh you get a unique in-game melee
weapon which people found was uh just an
asset from the unity asset store
directly taken they didn't do any form
of modif ific to it it's just literally
straight up an asset from the asset
store I don't remember if it was like a
free asset or like a $6 asset or
something but they a joke you're the
asset yeah pretty much um increased mail
retention time so like if you if you buy
insurance oh yeah uh if you buy like
Insurance in the game or something like
that like
look most people don't play tarov so
there's a lot of people watching this
that are probably
going such a big deal this and I get
this I get this every time that I talk
about something that Apple's doing that
is super anti-consumer as well where you
know you'll have the usual crowd of well
Linus just hates Apple just don't buy it
you you you'll get you'll get that sort
of that chorus of of bad takes where
people are are missing the big picture
here the big picture is that this is a
this is a precedent now and outrage we
we have a limited capacity for outrage
right we were so outraged and I know we
talk about this one a lot we were
outraged about horse armor in Oblivion
nowadays we're basically like men this
game this game's great because all their
uh DLC is cosmetic and not balance
shifting or you know what uh we can
maybe allow for that this this skin this
really popular skin um is kind of more
camouflaged on this map and that map you
know what we'll still accept that you
know what I mean realistically could
farm for ammo for that super op gun so
you don't have to buy you don't have to
buy ammunition so I guess that's okay
and I know that slippery slope arguments
are not very good arguments but when you
are slipping down the slope actively
tumbling Head Over Heels like what's
going on with this tarov situation where
they are taking a game that where
balance is everything to the experience
and messing it up and charging you a
bunch of
money
um my connection didn't actually die
there I just my brain is slow today
because I didn't sleep last night and I
ran out of steam so I thought if I just
stop moving then maybe they'll think
that it was the
connection I uh I brought up the trailer
and got some like visual representations
of of the some of the Pay to Win things
so here's your in stash size here's your
increased PMC Pockets you can see how uh
these ones are taller so you can fit
full siiz magazines in your pockets now
that was never possible before um so now
you could go without attack rig um so
you're you're spending less money on
doing future raids your character skills
are just increased this was already a
weird thing in my opinion because people
who could play the game for a living
would have higher base skills because it
would take an obscene amount of hours to
level these skills up um and now people
that uh maybe work for a living and then
spend money on the game can also have
increased skills and that can directly
make it so that if you play exactly the
same uh the person with the higher skill
count could beat you cuz some of these
things are like you won't bleed as as
easily or you're uh more accurate or
reload faster with guns you can run for
longer you can carry more stuff you can
uh jump higher what like if your if your
strength is high enough in the game uh
you can jump onto things that are other
people can't like it's it's being able
to have higher skills is directly pay to
win right uh and then down here improve
starting equipment set um which is less
of a big deal in my mind uh and then
moving
forward
idea every cool idea that battle State
Games implements here is something that
we will see implemented somewhere else
when inevitably Gamers just lie down and
take it and there's no consequences so
so here it is this is my call for anyone
who is actually into tarov because
they're the only ones who can who can
make a set a precedent here who can say
look this is too far don't play it yeah
like seriously set a calendar set a
calendar I look I get it it's your
favorite game that's chill set a
calendar notification for yourself for 6
months at least a temporary boycott will
send a message
like yeah it might not affect their
wallet because realistically you already
bought the game anyway or whatever um
but what it will do is it will cause
their concurrent player counts to
decline it will send an actual message
that they can actually understand it
will degrade the gaming experience
for new people who come in and they're
like this thing is empty um and to be
clear it's not about punishing them it's
about punishing battle State Games it's
about like look we are your Community we
are what makes your game
good treat us with respect act like you
deserve respect and you might get some
there that's
it
yeah oh wow uh six months six months
boycott don't
play whoa the uh the top oh no what now
the top tarov streamer right now um I
believe is streaming modded single
player tarov which is a little unheard
of in my mind uh 5,000 viewers are
watching this person playing a a modded
version of the game which is like super
not okay with tarov um I was just
wondering I was going to go see like how
many streamers are currently playing
this I I wouldn't go after streamers
that are playing the game it's really
rough when like if your if your entire
income stream is based around like
playing this one game even if the
company that runs that game does
something deplorable it's it's rough to
kind of fully pull out but maybe
encourage people to to try out
Alternatives like grey Zone Warfare um
or potentially it's not out yet and I
know nothing about the game at all but
Arena breakout infinite alternate games
that are in somewhat of a similar style
that you think they might like and their
audiences might also like um but I
wouldn't go around don't don't go around
like harassing streamers for playing it
but yeah rough I uh I was already done
because because their response to the
whole cheater situation was a giant
nothing Burger um and I'm not down to
play a game like this with a bunch of
cheaters and then when I first heard
this announced I didn't see the price
tag and I saw the uh the co-op PVE mode
and I was so stoked cuz I was like we're
back this game is super sick it's not
going to wipe I can play with like lius
or Joe or or whoever else there's a
bunch of different people that I play
with um it'll be fun we don't have to
deal with any of that kind of stuff
and uh then I was like no yeah no I
don't want anyone to buy this so I guess
that's never happening uh there there's
other weird stuff too like there's an
there's an item that you can get I think
this might only be if you have the
unheard Edition or something I'm not
certain where scavs the Scavengers
basically the AI characters in the game
won't shoot you if you are uh 60 M or
more
away uh but like only if you have this
version so it's like it's it's it's
super pay to win um I don't think anyone
that like enjoyed the hardcore realism
nature of tarov should should honestly
play anymore I think this entirely broke
the game but it is up to you guys make
your own decisions moving on though next
topic we're going to see what happens
apparently that streamer got permission
to stream that version of the
game really from Battle State
apparently what apparently that's what
Flo plane chat is saying
unprecedented times anyway we can move
on to our next
topic they said they wouldn't dmca
him I mean
cool that's weird I don't know what that
means okay uh but anyways um do you want
to talk about Mozilla uh blasting dating
apps this one's really interesting to me
yeah according to into the dating apps
yeah yeah we're both very active in this
in this realm according to recent report
with Mozilla dating apps are growing
increas aggressive and invasive when it
comes to collecting users personal
information having declined
significantly since the last time Milla
reviewed their privacy practices in 2021
uh around 80% of the apps reviewed share
or sell or sell personal information and
do not guarantee users right to delete
their data most apps requires users to
opt out of precision geolocation
tracking and do not appear to adequately
protect the data that they collect at
least one Catholic group was able to out
a priest after buying grinder Scruff and
Okay Cupid user data grinder is also
facing a class action lawsuit alleging
that it unlawfully shared UK users HIV
status with vendors something which
which grinder admitted to doing though
it denies doing so for commercial
purposes what what
a you just did it cuz you thought it
would be be fun
like what uh due to the nature of dating
apps much of this information can be
incredibly personal and revealing
including religious affiliations
political beliefs and sexual history
these companies also automatically
aggregate information from users devices
social media third parties and the
metadata of uploaded content like photos
match group who own over 40 dating apps
including Tinder hinge match and Okay
Cupid say that private DMS are scanned
by automated tools and may be viewed by
human agents if the bot Flags potential
illegal or unsafe behavior however DMS
are also reviewed mind in order to
evaluate train and improve their
automated
tools okay this one blew my mind because
basically if it they left it at the
beginning if they left it at okay
there's something potentially unsafe
here it has to be reviewed by a
moderator you know what I kind of get
that because inherent to a dating app
you're going to have monstrous things
happening you're going to have human
trafficking potentially you know like
you oh yeah these platforms do have to
be moderated to at least some degree
yeah
however saying look we can review
basically anything we want for the
purpose of evaluating training and
improving our automated tools that's
basically saying yeah it's like selling
a camera that's like yeah I'll just and
I'll just tune into it whenever I feel
like it um cool
cool like I I haven't I haven't used a
dating app before so I'm going to sound
potentially kind of out of touch here
but
I I I I don't imagine that this is clear
to the user when they sign up for this
thing like guys let me know are you on
one of these
platforms and was it was it clear that
they might be you know collecting and
sharing your sexual history and uh you
know any infections you might
have or man like reading your
DMs yo like what I've I've heard tell
that some of the younger Generations are
are trying to go back to more archaic
versions of dating skipping the whole
dating app thing which I think is
fantastic very good job keep
going wow it's buried in the to I'm sure
also
become these apps have also become
significant more gamified and addictive
in part to cope with declining revenues
and market share as Millennials have
gotten older and settled down gen Z
users have become the largest population
of singles however they are typically
less interested in hookups and casual
dating than previous generation did I
just get [__] shamed I think so our
whole I think our whole generation did
which you know sounds probably about
accurate you know what free love man
yeah man uh uh yeah the discussion
question is there an inherent problem
having platforms involved in something
as intimate as personal dating uh I
don't think it has to
be but it looks like it obviously is if
you respect yeah if you respect user
data then no it shouldn't be a problem
you should it
all if you just make it so that you
can't read DMS unless you're like
basically delay is brutal yeah I don't
know why it's so delayed you're not that
far away but I I'm noticing the same
thing um if if um it would be nice if
they couldn't read any DMS unless one of
the users involved flaged to the
conversation in float plane chat says
when I was at this place we had a
presentation by Tinder exacts on data
usage and getting to profitability and
it was a very creepy
conversation yeah bet I don't I don't
doubt that I don't doubt that at
all but like this this really does seem
like the kind of thing that could be
done and it's it's just it's just people
you know power corrupts absolute power
corrupts absolutely or whatever right
like because people who enter personal
information in a dating app compared to
a political survey or compared to uh you
know um a workplace profile survey or
something like that assuming that they
have um an earnest desire to find a
partner um I was reading about how
people will answer questions much more
honestly and transparently because by
hiding it they all they're the only
person they're hurting is themselves and
so all they had to do was say okay and
our service is to pair you up with
someone and you pay us for that and we
don't have to have growth forever we
don't have to have Limitless growth I uh
at risk of sounding like um like uh like
like an anti- capitalist man the the the
inchid ification of everything just does
seem inevitable when you have this
mindset of needing growth forever yeah
like I understand it to a much greater
degree now but especially when I was
younger I would I would come across a
news article that's like big company X
has missed their their estimated
earnings that per share that analysts
were expecting from them by 2 cents per
share and their stock price tumbled 10%
in other news they made 10 billion doar
this quarter and I would I would I would
listen to that I'd be like sorry what so
they make so they make you know hundreds
of millions or they make a billion
dollars or billions of dollars in this
time period but they didn't do like as
good eror as we expected and that we
were that we were gambling on that we
had kind of priced into their their
their gambletron share price so so what
they need to do a bunch of stock
BuyBacks who who announced like huge
huge stock BuyBacks just now I forget
who it was but uh their share price went
I think it was
Google don't on this until I find it
Google surges after buying back billions
of dollars of its own stock a day ago uh
70 billion dollars so do you know why a
company buys back stock there's two
potential reasons one is they're
expecting it to go up a lot um and so
that could be you know good value to to
own more of their company if they're
super confident they're going to like do
awesome but you know the real reason
they do it I I've had is that their
share price goes
up which is and the personal in yeah and
the personal Investments that the
executives have in that company and that
the shareholders have in thatan
go up it's just to enrich them
personally and you know when you look at
a company like Google over the last year
or so you know what were the big bumps
to their stock laying off a bunch of
employees and using that money to buy a
bunch buy back a bunch of stock uh I was
talking about this on the pre-show but I
was I was watching the John Oliver bit
on um on Boeing Bo really fascinating
you can basically Trace back their
decline into crappiness to the moment
that they started spending their money
on stock BuyBacks instead of on making a
good
product why don't we have systems why
don't companies Implement systems that
punish terrible terrible long-term
thinking I don't understand it guys yeah
I I always had this theory that maybe
not stock bybs to the tune of 70 billion
dollar but I always had this theory that
smaller size stock BuyBacks were based
around uh a lot of companies do stock is
compensation so I was like how do you
how do you just keep doing that forever
so you you probably have to buy some of
your own stock and then it makes this
like cyclical thing where you're
increasing the value of your stock by
buying your stock and then giving stock
to your employees which increases how
much they want to potentially stay or
try hard or whatever if that works who
knows a little more complicated than
that you can issue more stock without
necessarily buying the stock does that
dilute the value of the stock that you
currently have though because you added
more um
I this is like I genuinely don't know
yeah yeah every company Works a little
bit differently okay if if Ivon Umbrella
Corporation group of companies had some
kind of of Stock Program um I personally
would want to I would feel that we
should take a Bitcoin like approach uh
where not necessarily that you use gpus
or as6 to Mint more of the stock um you
know I just like the stocks that's why I
buy all these gpus no um so so not from
that point of view but from the point of
view that they are finite and in order
to issue incentives for example we would
have to actually you know be profitable
we'd have to actually own what we give
someone um I don't know how that would
work and maybe I'm just you know naive
but you know from my point of view it's
it's always been frustrating to me that
um if I if I have something that's worth
of value that someone can just like
decide oh yeah no actually it's like
less than
that
yeah oh well this is not Financial
advice guys not Financial advice I'll be
the first to admit that when it comes to
when it comes to stocks when it comes to
to you know real world you know big Le
Finance
stuff I don't get it and I think I think
part of it is almost just like a
rejection of it like I actually not sure
if I if I care to get it I don't have to
play the game so maybe I just maybe I
just won't maybe I'll take my ball and
go home I I know that's a the majority
of it for me I I hate it it just feels
so yeah I'm I'm just not I'm not going
to get into all the reasons why we'll
get to a new topic uh EV company blows
whistle on potential corruption this is
uh this is one that hits genuinely close
to actual home uh the government of
British Columbia Canada is investigating
Al ations of potential conflicts of
interest in how provincial lowc carbon
Innovation grants are admin are
administered this follows an allegation
from CEO uh Chase Barber of Edison
Motors who claims that mnp a gigantic
accounting firm involved in
administrating grants reached out uh to
his company after declining their first
application reached out his company
after declining their first application
okay uh according to do together a
little quickly today folks yeah yeah
it's it's genuinely not their fault I I
I'm just trying to piece it together um
by the way just quick shout out Edison
Motors these guys are doing absolutely
incredible work if anyone from Edison is
watching right now we would love to do a
video together I think actually Alex
from our team may be in touch but just
want to just want to indicate my my
super willingness to come over there and
check out what you guys are doing cuz
it's outstanding it looks absolutely
incredible that would be awesome uh
according to Barber uh rolling back just
because it's been a little bit the CEO
of Edison Motors uh mnp offered Edison
Motors a service to help them apply for
future grants which included a success
fee of 20% of the grants
value ew uh should the application
succeed it's unclear from publicly
available information whether these
grants included the ones that mnp was
helping administer i' I'm going to pause
there's more of this topic but I've
heard of this a lot before with
government grants where they're
effectively impossible to get unless you
partner with a company who takes a
significant portion of the money which
means that your government tax credits
which are supposed to uh Power
Innovation and business growth within
your country uh are being diluted by
middlemen that is the only way to
actually get the business of being a
worthless middleman is a business
they're growing that business they
should we should find a way to delete
all of them um anyways I'm going to move
move on uh Barber says that he raised
concerns with the energy Ministry uh in
person and shortly after his company was
disinvited from a promotional event by a
government funded Lobby group for
vehicle electrification Edison Motors is
the only company in the province that
manufactures heavyduty electric trucks
mnp threaten Sick by the way and they're
actually like genuinely very very cool
uh M&P has threatened to sue Edison
motors which is a small privately owned
company according to Barber the company
can't afford a legal battle with a
billion doll company yeah uh neither
could like most people so I I don't
blame them um Barber sorry uh and stated
that he personally lives with his
parents because as far as my
understanding goes he has invested like
everything he can into the company which
is the like driven dedicated that's what
we should be trying to encourage dud yes
that's what we should want out of Entre
rurs people doing everything that it
takes to kill it and we should be
supporting that they've been pushing
limits of Technology they've been
pushing limits of quality they've been
doing all these things that like like we
we British Columbia should be very proud
of this company and be trying to prop
them up not trying to step on their neck
so this is very frustrating uh we've got
a couple discussion questions even if
mnp hasn't technically done anything
wrong shouldn't Edison Motors be allowed
to raise concerns without the threat of
a company crushing
lawsuit yeah absolutely I mean you
should be able to raise concerns about
anything ever and the worst case
scenario should be you know hey we've um
we've investigated your concerns and we
don't agree with them like you can't be
punished for for re I mean honestly
though there's so many things that are
like this I mean uh the US is finally
growing a spine about the whole realtor
thing uh how difficult it is to sell a
home without a realtor and how how those
fees have Absolut abely ballooned in
recent decades to the point where the
simple job of being a sales rep and
helping you list your house and fill out
some paperwork has turned people into
these multi- gazillionaires
um and to be clear I I'm not down on
anyone who's busting their butt as a
realtor I understand that it's one of
those like being a twitch streamer yeah
where where the the the 1% that are
crushing it are sort of over represented
in our in our perception
but actually most of them are struggling
to sell a house whereas those few that
are suceeding have you know a team of
people working for them and they're
basically just parasitically taking
money from them um I get that but also
just The Business of Being a middleman
should
be fine but it shouldn't be this
lucrative and you know what Luke I I
don't want to get too much into it but
we've as a company had experiences that
strike me as not that dissimilar to this
oh yeah I've directly been involved with
some of
them yeah and none of this should be
necessary you should be able to fill out
the paperwork the right way and submit
your application according to the
process that is on your government's
website and it should be processed in
priority sequence and then it should be
dealt with um okay you know what fine
I'm saying it Ivon is still faing some
kind of credit that we've been due since
I think
2018 like what I'm sure if we knew
someone that wouldn't be the case and
the big the biggest problem with that
because like if you're hearing this yes
that's that's a very very very very very
long delay that is pretty ridiculous
it's 2024 now that's 6 years the biggest
impact of that to me is not something
that we necessarily even felt that much
which is if you're not as that was when
we needed the money exactly we're still
here six years later we needed it then
yes if you're if you're a smaller uh
startup company you need everything you
can possibly get because you don't have
a lot of assets yet you don't have a
significant amount of cashlow yet
probably um all all these other things
you you need that Capital to be able to
keep progressing so by holding it for
this long and making it so hard to get
what you're really doing is only
enabling large companies
to be able to get this this uh this
money which in a lot of cases they
probably didn't even really need it
might benefit them they might be able to
do a little bit more from it but they
probably didn't like need it and the
companies that really needed it it could
have made or break their whole company
and then they'd be they be fine after
that are generally unable to get it
so very frustrating so shout out Edison
Motors these guys are doing super cool
stuff uh we love collab with them and
see if we can get them some much needed
attention see if we can drive some
business their way honestly what I
suspect is that their bottleneck because
the product is super cool what I suspect
is that their bottleneck is more just
Capital which is probably why this is so
frustrating for them I'm speculating
right now but you know when your Tech is
that cool I suspect it's production
capacity that's holding them back right
now not having a cool product my grandpa
used to work in financing for
semi-trucks um it these things are
expensive I I'm I'm sure a new company
trying to get into the space isn't going
to be able to produce a a enormous
amount of them all the time um there's a
there's a lot of cost involved
so
yeah sponsor time all right you want me
to hit these o yeah let's do that but
we've got a bit of a scary merch update
are we supposed to do merch
messages sorry we'll get those after
sponsors I think um um okay let's do it
Luke's going to do it today because my
brain is bad yeah yeah yeah okay um ag1
starting with ag1 spring has arrived
just like all the beautiful nature out
there your body is thirsty for some
nutrients so wake up with the bees and
the trees with a scoop of ag1 uh it's an
all-in-one supplement that
has that has 75 different vitamins
minerals and antioxidants their team is
always trying to find better ways to
Source test and find the best quality
ingredients of available ag1 tests for
hundreds of contaminants and ban
substances which is much better than the
supplement industry's average of 10 it
really is easy as one it really is as
easy as one scoop a day instead of
purchasing all the different vitamins
separately I'll say my own name Luke
Dennis Maria and a few members here a
few other members here at lmg have tried
or even use ag1 daily whether it's
because they wanted to stop cutting
Corners after a diet change or uses a
little boost before hitting the gym in
the morning ag1 just made sense you can
get a you can try ag1 for free and get a
oneyear supply of vitamin D3 plus K2 and
five free ag1 travel packs with your
first subscription at drink a1.com wow
check them out in the link
below also we have the ridge is your
partner not compatible with you I think
we have a theme today get rid of them
what is this Ridge has something more
compatible for you they're new Mac safe
compatible wallets and then I'm supposed
to show how this works okay I'm supposed
to go to I don't think I actually have
one for this how do I fix this just do
loot cam loot cam 3 overlay there we go
I have a phone I have a ridge wallet I
combine oh I have a phone and ridge
wallet and it sticks to it this is an
old meme wow hey yeah I wasn't even
doing that intentionally but that is a I
have a pineapple and an apple pen or
something something like that yeah yeah
sure I remember how it goes there's an
adapter too there's an adapter yeah okay
so so there's yeah there's some 3M tape
on the back I'm assuming you just peel
this off stick it onto whatever phone
you have and then uh voila sick it is
now stuck um okay moving on they use
strong magnets embedded into the wallet
to securely attach to the
Bro going to need more than that uh they
use strong magnets embedded into the
wallet to securely attached to the back
of any mag safe compatible iPhone and
for a stronger hold why not try using
their strengthening tray uh not much of
an iPhone person the adhesive on the
back of the tray will allow you to
attach your wallet to any device they
are built from premium materials like
aluminum uh to last you a lifetime or
even maybe two just like other wallets
they just like their other wallets
they're RFID blocking plus they have new
Ridge iPhone cases which are available
in Kevlar or full grain leather they are
compatible with magsafe and wireless
charging so check out the ridge mag safe
lineup today in the
description and last but not least we
have aonis according to a study by cyber
security Ventures a Cyber attack took
place every 39 seconds last year and
also yeah uh very much trust me being
hacked is not super fun uh acronis our
sponsor brings you Advanced protection
from all threats out there acronis is a
complete integrated cyber security and
data protection tool for managed service
providers and it teams and even for your
home protection with their easy to use
platform you can monitor manage and back
up files but not just files they also
continuously back up changes it's like
having an undo button for everything and
recovering any lost data is a simple
click away plus you can see all
potential attacks under the incidents
tab then you can assign the incident to
colleagues to start investigations the
AV test certification under under Mac OS
sorry in AV test certification under Mac
OS a cronis detected 100% of malware and
had zero false positives stay protected
with AC cronis and screw all that
malware check them out in the
description that one is all right thanks
Luke that was a good sponsor read I have
some good news Mr Mr Matt from our
procurement team says hey Dan want to
tell lonus we're getting ready to go
with Edison Motors waiting on the
weather to get better before going up
the Kahala Highway and going to check
them out super let's go I love their
shorts that's great yeah that's how I
found them too actually yeah super cool
yeah I didn't know they were from here
originally and that's amazing yeah yep
oh yeah I ended up deep diving them a
little bit after I found one of their
shorts and then figured out they from
here which is pretty cool uh I think we
need to do some announcements do we have
uh is there store stuff or anything yes
uh merch yeah yeah we do we have a date
for the screwdriver bitet pricing
increase oh good lord okay I warned you
guys about this a little while ago but
there's not much more warning here
they're going up starting Monday April
29th so if you want to get some
screwdriver bit sets they're going from
$6.99 which apparently is not profitable
so cool um to $9.99 which apparently is
is better um thank you CEO
Taran so make sure you get those at
$6.99 while you can they're going to
going to be going up on Monday April the
29th we also have restocks of some of
our graphic te's including the neon hard
drive sensor and retro GPU I have no way
of screen sharing with you guys so you
might just have to kind of imagine what
those look like but if you want to send
a merch message um those might be some
things you want to pick up I need a nap
before I go to this party tonight though
so I don't know if we're going to get to
every merch message but uh yeah we'll
we'll we'll definitely try and do a few
Luke luk week what is luk week
uh luk week yeah we're doing uh
something special on Flow play next week
and it's all about uh me I guess we will
have a few me Centric videos including
the iconic chicken re no no no no no if
we're going to have luk week if we're
going to have Luke week we need lonus
week yeah and I hear I know I understand
your argument every week is lus week and
you know what that's fair but I think we
can all agree there's no such thing as
too much lonus week no I I think I think
we I think we should is it
actually no I'm totally kidding it's
just funny that after all these years we
have luk week all you had to wait was uh
10 and a half years on a platform that
he's in charge of hey whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa so the whole idea was the
inventor he was the inventor of Brandon
appreciation day and it's taken him all
these years to get his own appreciation
week it's not it's not an appreciation
week my goodness there's going to be
other people as well it's not just me I
didn't choose that it was me that
started this ah um I I don't know I just
knew your ego was going to oh my
goodness going to take off at some point
I was asked and I just didn't say no
took long you've got one chicken recipe
okay you're not a
God yeah so there's there's a video tell
us what you're doing tell us what you're
doing there's a video where I I cook and
talk about the chicken recipe and I get
I get already to try it um there's my
thoughts on the gaming industry and a
video of meeting my
so there's three videos
coming so your hall pass is
Arty uh yeah so the whole like yeah that
CAU a little weird don't worry about it
cuz the chicken recipe it has a 100%
success rate so I I thought about this
and I think I
think for it to be a success or a
failure there has to be a a goal applied
so there was no goal applied with
already so I think we're
fine I see okay yeah I think we're I
think we're good um and then I guess I
guess we have a teaser here's a teaser
of what to expect next week so Dan can
you uh play audio from my screen uh yes
if you want to go I'm there I'm not
getting any audio from you oh it's not
playing yet here we go there we go audio
approach the desk at the okay hold on
hold on hold on oh oh is it not working
year is 2002 I approached the desk at
the rental store with a freshly minted
copy of the Elder Scrolls 3 morid after
handing over my change and scurrying
home I proceed to play for roughly 24
hours straight more captivated by this
finely crafted world than anything I had
seen in my entire 11 and a half years of
life you got me even boo yeah wait is it
it's just audio okay
no the year is 2002 I approached the
desk at the rental store with a freshly
minted copy of the Elder Scrolls 3 morid
after handing over my change and
scurrying home I proceed to play for
roughly 24 hours straight more
captivated by this finely crafted world
than anything I had seen in my entire 11
and 1/2 years of life even boobs I woke
my dad up the next morning by professing
my love of this game and begging him to
buy a real copy of it to replace my
rental version to my surprise he agreed
my dad and I would take turns playing on
a shared save file where one of us would
read through the players guide and
direct the other who would control the
character these are some of my favorite
gaming memories ever we use that
players's guide so much it barely holds
together at this point the cover has
been missing for decades I was driven to
get into software development because I
wanted to work for Bethesda for Todd
Howard I wanted to make things like
mwind this piece of art that means so
much to me to say this is my favorite
game ever would be an understatement
fast forward 21 years to starfields
release and I tried with every fiber of
my being to find that diamond in the
rough but it just wasn't
there okay uh I thought that was going
to be a shorter
clip um but essentially i w really long
wow Luke Luke week is apparently takes
an entire week yeah apparently yeah I I
so that's like a it also changes
significantly from there but I end up
talking about how like yeah so Starfield
sucked but I'm not going to go through
all the details as to why um because it
just that's been done to death already
so here's my thoughts on like how the
gaming industry is going why it's going
that way different companies y y y it it
yeah hopefully it's interesting the
people that have seen it so far liked it
um like previous themed weeks we will be
doing some LTT store giveaways that you
can sign up for on float plan so if you
want to see that content and get some
potentially free stuff be sure to sign
up and if you want to see what else
float plane has if you're not on float
plane for whatever reason we're also
releasing the car break-in prank for 48
hours on lmg clips and it's live now did
they know the show was starting at 100
p.m. is it actually live now dude we've
been driving a lot of uh subscriptions
on float plane lately yeah it is live
now it went up 35 minutes ago we're back
pretty close to to cracking
3500 there's apparently extras oh
there's for the Linus tries influence
drinks video
now ni 35,000 sorry yeah I was just
bugging you um yeah float plane's been
rocking it lately uh got exclusive
talking a bit more about the humble PC
uh that one up two days ago yeah there's
so much the the 90day Scorpion chair
challenge video is finally up that went
up two days ago as well oh was it Elijah
week there's like three Elijah
exclusives in a row either that or the
social team has just figed fig out that
that guy is solid meme gold anytime you
point a camera at him yeah I don't think
it actually was but I think it just uh
you know became that anyways which is
which is great uh but yeah check that
out hopefully you guys enjoy it uh let
us know how it goes and that's it oh LTT
Forum folding update our team is once
again participating in the boink
pentathlon which runs from May 5th to
19th we strongly encourage anyone
interested to participate the LTT team
Place third overall last year which was
easily our best so far participation is
typically quite low since boink is a bit
more complex than folding at home but
people are willing to help out if you
want to learn so check out more
information on the Forum which is I mean
there's a there's a URL for it but if
you just look up the LTT forum and boink
pentathlon
2024 uh topic made by one of our very
own moderators lead eater you will
you'll find it and it'll be good and you
can do stuff
yeah uh we can do merch messes all right
what's our next topic merch messes merch
messages hello LDL have you heard about
mram and what do you think it will do
for PC insecurity due to its ability to
retain the data when powered off
uh returning the I I haven't actually
particularly heard of this but retaining
the data when powered off uh could be
potentially kind of bad there was there
was tactics in the past where you would
I don't remember was it
like was it like liquid nitrogen or
something but you you would cool ram
down to very very very low temperatures
and then swap what system was in and
then you could pull information out of
it um that was an very interesting pull
potentially really bad information like
if there was a
um in in some cases plain text
essentially storage of um critical
system information or user inputs yeah
yeah now is it super realistic for
people to be able to get into a computer
uh and like super freeze its RAM and
transferred over to another computer you
know I don't know um but it was a really
cool thing um and if that is now able to
be done without the uh difficulties of
cooling and whatnot that could be a
little sketch but
yeah one sec here there we go sorry I
don't have my double tabs I was in the
middle of responding to another one hi
lldd from France I want to buy a cap
since the first announcement but I think
the logo is too big how do you choose
where to place a logo and have you
considered a free ad version for a
higher
price I mean we have pretty subtle logos
on a lot of our stuff I think they just
mean branding free um
like uh like giant logo for a higher
price uh yeah maybe they do mean AD free
yeah I think they mean AD free yeah
pretty sure they mean AD free okay Sor
yeah I think they mean sponsorship stuff
free uh or like uh branding free um I
don't know I think honestly we generally
strike a pretty good balance like even
on the hat yeah the logo is pretty big
but
it's like it's black it's black on black
it doesn't stand out a ton
and that's kind of a thing right is
wearing a brand on on your baseball cap
I I I think the the the start of that
product was actually people not really
buying the dad hats and a lot of the
feedback that we got being that they
weren't obviously LTT enough so I think
this is just one of those things where
you're not going to be able to please
everybody uh I really like the new hats
it's possible that if they sell really
well we will explore that fit in
different styles but for now we're
really focused on the regular l TT hat
and the LTT hat
Pro yeah fair enough okay and last one
for this section howdy guys curious your
take on the EPA regulations causing
automakers to make changes that may
negatively impact reliability examples
being Toyota's new Direction with
turbocharged
engines
man regulation is one of those things
you can't live with it you can't live
without it I don't know the right
answers here sometimes it's really
obvious like you know hey you actually
cannot discriminate against your
customer as as stupid as they look those
Broadband nutritional facts things in
the states make a ton of sense given how
predatory that industry has been in the
past
but it's obvious that sometimes we end
up with regulation that up harming
consumers rather than
helping um man I was reading about
another car one that was to do with all
electric targets or something like that
and it was it was looking pretty
ridiculous to to be clear I'm I'm I'm
Pro you know sustainable energy or
whatever but just you know signing a law
and saying okay go innovate um Good Luck
everybody is not is not the move
yeah yeah I don't think I have a lot to
add there it just it just sucks like um
planned obsolescence is a is a terrible
thing um and making things like almost
intentionally unreliable is bad but at
the same time you don't you don't want
to stifle a company from being able to
make like a bleeding edge version of
something or or an ultra high
performance version of something that
that just has to lose some of its
reliability in order to to push those
limits so I don't
know uh I just became aware of a
controversy apparently the edit of our
lonus tries influencer Foods um pushes
pretty aggressively to the float plane
exclusive where I try more of them um I
haven't watched the video unfortunately
I do review every LTT but I don't review
every short circuit but people seem
pretty upset um and basically you know
what I'm tired of just taking
responsibility for everything I didn't
see
this so yeah I will I will message the
appropriate people internally and we'll
try and find a better balance hopefully
we can put this behind us is it that bad
I haven't seen
it have you actually watched it I'm not
sure oh
okay all right H this video was a
16-minute ad for float plane I don't
know like again I haven't watched it but
you also got 16 content yeah were you
ripped off I I don't this felt
deceiving uh
all right well yeah I'll I'll I'll I'll
take this to the people internally who
made this call and uh you know we'll try
and get this sorted out but the thing is
we are a you know we're not a big
company but we are a big enough company
that believe it or not not everyone
knows absolutely everything that's going
on all the time and sometimes you know
we're going to make a judgment call
that's not going to be right I think
it's pretty clear that the community has
spoken and they're saying this is this
is not right this uh so we'll you know
we'll we'll do what we can we'll get
this fixed okay thanks
guys uh no more merch
messages okay uh stop with the rational
explanations I want to be
angry uh check out the escape from tarov
Reddit there's lots of anger there so
much salt if you got if you got
something I got a sodium deficiency you
got head straight there you're good just
you you'll be taken care of entirely um
Nintendo issues takedowns over Garry's
Mod content following community members
noticing that Nintendo related fan
content was being removed from Garry's
Mod Gary Newman has confirmed that face
punch has received a takedown notice
from Nintendo quote if you want to help
us by deleting your Nintendo related
uploads and never uploading again that
would help us a
lot tell us how you really feel Gary
yeah uh there're almost 20 years worth
of uploads for Gary's Mod Workshop
including 5500 items if you just
searched for the word Mario wow uh there
were rumors that the notice was fake
potentially caused by false copyright
Trolls but according to Gary face punch
has confirmed the veracity of the notice
with Nintendo and then there's a
screenshot of a tweet saying uh I have
been or an X or whatever the heck I
don't know uh I have been assured that
the takedowns have been verified by
Nintendo as legit so this will now
continue as planned sorry and
then I don't even know the emojis that
he included it's like a
basketball an arm or like a foot or
something there's a garbage can a
mushroom so those those ones are like
all right sounds good garbage can
Mushroom and then I don't know what the
Yello thing is anyways um to be clear
Nintendo is well within their rights
here this is their intellectual property
uh in this case the the likeness you
know of Mario is absolutely something
that's within their rights it sort of
baffling to me that a gaming company
managed to go 20 years without noticing
Gary's mod um you know maybe that's part
of what makes Nintendo different is that
they just what they don't look at other
games they don't have no one who works
there has a gaming computer like I just
I don't know it seems to be working for
them it's working for them pretty good
um and I can definitely see how this is
really frustrating for people that are
like yeah we kind of just thought this
was okay it had been 20 years um
our our discussion question is should
there be some kind of statute of
limitations when it comes to Brands not
protecting their IP I believe there
actually are but I don't think that that
would be covered in this case and it
would all come down to the law of the
various lands that are involved I think
Gary is taking an extremely mature
approach and the outraged Gamers who are
frustrated with Nintendo's action by all
means be frustrated with Nintendo they
are kind of jerk wads sometimes but this
is within their rights and uh Gary's
right to comply with
yeah all right speaking of things that
uh have to do with right no it doesn't
actually but anyways uh net neutrality
is back FCC votes to restore Obama era
rules repealed under Trump FTC voted
three to2 to restore rules that prevent
internet providers from favoring some
sites and apps over others reserving
high speeds for those willing to pay
more for them or otherwise interfering
with what consumers do online ahead of
the vote FCC chairwoman
Jessica Rosen
waral hopefully I said that right uh
stated in our post pandemic world we
know that Broadband is a necessity not a
luxury opponents claim it will chill
Innovation and investment in the
Broadband industry supporters argue that
without such regulations Broadband
providers are incentivized to charge
customers more to use internet Fast
Lanes the full 400 page draft order has
not yet been uh publicly
released I I will I will say I don't
think I heard of a ton of things
happening as a result of the repeal of
these rules um but I think I'm pretty
happy that they might be coming back so
yeah yeah this is great uh there's a few
other really important ones that I want
to make sure that we hit here like this
is actually kind of a big week for news
um Tik Tok this was we talked about this
at the beginning congresses the US
Congress has passed a law giving Tik
tok's parent company bite dance until
January of next year to sell the app or
it will be blocked from us app stores
and internet service providers is this
what it would take for iPhone users to
finally say hey we need to be able to
Sid
load is this what it would take to make
the iPhone uncool with genz and gen
Alphas if you couldn't put Tik Tok on it
because there's no way to sideload an
app and Tik Tok isn't in the app store
anyway this forc investment was passed
as part of a large foreign aid package
targeted at Ukraine Israel and Taiwan B
dce has promised to fight the
legislation in court calling it an
unconstitutional infringement on
American users Free Speech rights
sources inside the company have told
Reuters that bite dance leadership would
rather Tik Tok shut down than sell it I
honestly can kind of see that like this
is my ball I'm going to play with it or
I'm going home I take it with me a major
reason lawmakers gave for the decision
to force bite dance to divest from Tik
Tok is the lack of a barer between the
Chinese government and Chinese companies
national security and privacy experts
have expressed concern both that the app
could be used to access sensitive user
information and that its algorithm could
be used to manipulate public opinion
about the
CCP I guess what I'm asking is why
aren't you forcing Facebook to sell to
to who even I don't know or Twitter to
sell to who even I don't know like if
basically your concern in a nutshell is
that there's an entity controlling this
app that you can't control and that
could tune its algorithm for its own
purposes I don't know man like I'm not
not exactly Pro China that entity is
specifically another country cuz I I see
where you're going and I do think you're
entirely right but uh I I think they're
like ooh this is this is uh what is it
foreign foreign National interference or
whatever I don't remember the term for
it but I think it's something that
they're fighting against
um who do you want to see BU it is our
discussion
question and I I really can I say the
brackets can I say the
brackets sure in Brackets it says don't
say
Elon I mean if you hate Tik Tok maybe
you would like to see I was gon to say I
kind of want it to be
Elon oh man I just I I think the part of
me that just like loves to see things
burn sometimes just you know why not it
is
entertaining it's another thing that I
don't like or use so like
whatever I don't know speaking of
government the state of California would
like to know your location and also your
velocity California Senator Scott weer
I'm sure it's I'm sure it's not
pronounced quite like that I love it
initially proposed a bill that would
Place speed limiters in passenger
vehicles to physically oh no this was
the thing I was talking about earlier
okay yeah that would prevent them from
going more than 10 m an hour over the
speed limit starting in
2027 actually what however this has
recently been revised to just using
visual and audio signals to alert
drivers of their speed weer also amended
the bill to clarify that drivers would
receive one warning each time they go
over the speed threshold rather than a
constant warning this ver of the bill
has passed the Senate Transportation
committee along party lines the bill is
backed by the national Transportation
safety board which has pushed for Speed
limiting systems since 2012 and the
national highway traffic safety
administration has documented a sharp
increase in traffic fatalities
Nationwide including in major
Californian cities it should be noted
that these speed limit warning systems
are not new and are actually set to be
mandatory in all new vehicles in the EU
starting in July man new cars are going
to be on The Struggle Bus pretty quick
Styles here
yeah that because that that's what I was
sitting here thinking like it
says would Place speed limiters in
passenger vehicles they mean just new
ones right you don't have to like
retrofit your car to have a speed
limiter in it yeah so I mean given that
even seat belts you don't have to have
them if your vehicle's old enough I
doubt that we're going to see speed
limiters retroactively fed into cars but
I who knows right so in this case then
the used car market is just going to be
so like you're going to have used cars
from other states being shipped to
California cuz people are going to want
to buy older used cars um or I wonder if
it's if you could even get just any new
car but from out of state like our our
car dealerships along the outside but
along the Californian border are going
to be like super popular because you can
get non-california uh law compliant cars
and then like just you know bring them
into California I don't know I don't
know how those laws would work I don't
know American stuff but yeah EK has
given a
statement on uh the allegations that
they failed to pay suppliers employees
and contractors for multiple months uh
CEO and founder Edward kig has released
a statement apologizing both for the
hardship caused by lack of timely
payment and lack of adequate
communication he took over as CEO in
February and claims to have already
addressed several issues but
acknowledged there's still a long way to
go you know what's funny is this is
round two of this did you know that
no yeah Edward stepped down as CEO once
like 10 or 12 years ago I can't remember
exactly when EK basically went to crap
and then he stepped back in and restored
it to its former glory and better and
then I didn't even know that he was out
again
but it seems like something about EK
water blocks runs best when Edward
Koenig Mr EK is at the helm um kig
claims that EK is committed to
fulfilling its financial obligations and
regaining Community Trust I mean our
discussion question here is a really big
one uh why did it take so long to
communicate the new plan like that's
something that he doesn't have an excuse
for because if he's been CEO for two
months um that would have been the time
to communicate better um like we said in
the video that featured a bunch of EK
Parts though we are we are hopeful that
they will get themselves out of this um
because you know what I love the product
it's a great product and I I want to see
them succeed but obviously that success
can't come at the cost of their
employees and their contractors right it
can't come on their backs
so good luck good luck EK godspeed yeah
what else we
got uh uh I don't really care about that
one is it the Cyber truck
one nope it's the LeBron James tattoo
one
yeah okay where is this this is pretty
cool they're naming conventions for
their new chips are really stupid you've
got Snapdragon X Elite Snapdragon X
Elite but like with less clocker less
clockers
s but with what but with what does he
the difference for this one what am I
even looking at here it just has a
different part number for no
apparent boost I think I think there's
no dual core boost why is oh that's
right and then why does why is plus
less qualcom has said that gaming on
these chips will just work with the X
series of s so's no porting required and
this was apparently achieved through a
rosetta 2 Style translation layer it
seems they're positioning these chips to
be an alternative to AMD mobile radons
and in Mobile ryzen and Intel's Ultra
lineup they've been showing off their
Snapdragon X Elite primarily laptops and
claim it can work with discret gpus Okay
that's pretty cool so have having the
ability to uh like put an Nvidia GPU on
this thing and just use it as a CPU is
kind of it just kind of blows my mind I
don't know why um semi accurate.com
talked with unnamed oems that claim the
Qualcomm benchmarks are faked though up
to 50% higher than what the oems can
reproduce with the same X+ chip
Qualcomm has claimed that the weaker X+
can deliver 28 better 28% better
performance in cinebench 2024 than
Intel's Ultra 71 155h at the same power
consumption and it looks like there's a
few more notes here but what this is
going to boil down to is show me the
money let's see let's see what you guys
have actually got going on here enough
enough talk I'm pretty excited to check
these out though this could be the the
Apple silicon moment for Windows PCS I
wouldn't mind better battery life that
would be okay yeah we could we could use
it um who who thought naming four
products only two different names was
cool I I don't mind the plus that much
um I think the problem that makes it
weird is the the placing that it has in
this chart because Elite sounds better
than plus so if plus was just first and
then Elite came after it would be
fine yeah exactly I guess what what's
just snap plus what yeah yeah but there
isn't one of those yeah that's fair
three of them just being called
Snapdragon X Elite is like definitely
the whole
problem ah oh well
um okay anything
else cybertruck thing uh the high school
principal
thing I'm do the high school principal
thing for the for the people playing
bingo um High School principal almost
merch messages okay never mind oh yeah
sure let's do it let's do a couple merch
messages
I might have to go pretty soon boys you
can carry on a little longer without me
but I am fading extremely fast here only
got one
sorry I I didn't sleep last night at all
and I got on a plane at 8: a.m. so I had
to be I had to leave for the airport at
5 so basically I stayed up working on a
paint job uh until about 4:30 I got a
little bit of rest not sleep just rest
while I packed and then I headed out for
the airport at around 5:30 and then I uh
and then I ate and then I flew and I got
a little bit of sleep on the plane but
I'm I'm dying but you know what I don't
know whether it's the lack of sleep or
whether it's the paint fumes I'm feeling
pretty silly today but it was worth it I
just got um I got a message from Alex
that
says honestly paint job is pretty sick
it's terrible so I just want to get that
out there right now it's ter terrible
but that's the intention um you guys
might remember that in that we upgraded
pl's car video we alluded to potentially
a part two well what we came up with is
that we were going to do a part two
adding more Tech to his car so we added
Android auto we ended added a backup
camera last time and we had teased maybe
doing power windows power door locks uh
you know putting in some new headlights
but like we can't have everyone
internally complaining that we're
upgrading pl's car and nobody else's so
there had to be a catch and the catch is
that I got to paint his car any color I
wanted I'm very excited oh man you guys
to see
this okay sorry Dan go ahead sure let's
get through some merch messages got four
that curated right now hi dll first time
watching live at 42 just found out that
I'm expecting my first child while you
had your family young do you have any
advice someone having their first in
their
40s oh man well having not tried it um
yet knock on wood
um I don't
know yeah yeah yeah or not ideally I uh
heyo um having not tried it I
mean I would say the biggest thing that
has kept me more aligned with my kids is
being into teac actually like I
introduced my kids to Discord which they
use to socialize with their friends
don't let your kids you know move on to
you know Instagram or move on to the
move on to the platform and then follow
them around because that makes you not
cool and everything about it not cool
but if you just kind of are staying with
it a little bit and you have some idea
what's going on don't underestimate the
importance of knowing what the heck
they're talking about um and yeah some
of it's going to be kind of stupid my
kids like stupid movies and stupid
videos and stupid games they oh man my
kids just got into fortnite anyway the
point is you're not always going to
you're not always going to enjoy it but
think of it as work think of little man
had such good taste in games forever I
know
ah my
soul okay that's fine you know what I
haven't shown him uh I haven't shown him
Warcraft 3 yet and I think that's going
to capture his attention so that I'm so
I'm going to step up my plan is an RTS
gamer he totally is oh he's for RTS yeah
yep he's got the he loves ano um yeah
Lov Supreme Commander so yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna have him play the Warcraft 3
campaign that's uh that's some a good
one it's a really good what we got Dan
get him on
factorio maybe not yet but he'll he'll
I'm sure he'll like that he won't go to
school anymore I'd like to see it once
in a while yeah yeah yeah
going to have he's probably have a
better sleep strategy than you
uh sorry hi dlll how have you managed to
keep a good level of structure and
tidiness in your test or lab uh places
with a growing team working for a
company that struggles establishing good
practices while
growing I think we struggle with that
too same yeah yeah hi yeah hi de you're
going to continue sorry yeah do we no Hi
D I started a job as the okay hold on
hold on we deserve a little bit more
credit than that um we started by having
a pretty big space for them so they were
able to spread things out a little bit
um they actually do a pretty darn good
job of um assigning a place for
everything uh we don't always have
everything in its place but overall we
have a place for everything so it keeps
things from getting too messy um um and
we're trying not to rush them and
they've had a Forward Thinking plan the
whole time there was there was like uh
essentially models of where they were
going to put things from like the very
beginning yeah yeah okay go ahead
Dan right one moment Hi D I started a
job as the IT guy for a company not much
before was documented I want to document
all the processes but would doing that
make me replaceable how can I make
myself
indispensable have good ideas like
documenting all your processes and
execute it and totally kick butt at it
and then have a new good idea and then
do that and then all of a sudden not
only will you not be replaceable you'll
be
indispensable cannot be yeah the
importance of initiative and uh making
the company work better regardless of
whether it's directly on your you know
quarterly kpis the importance can't be
over
overated yeah and like if people are
really paying attention and you're just
not documenting things as an IT person
uh you will be very suddenly extremely
replaceable yeah so and as somebody who
was Irreplaceable for about seven years
you want to be replaceable I took four
days off in those seven years yeah that
too I need to take a Friday off when I'm
hold on we gotta you we got to take the
context here the context was they are
making themselves
replaceable by making their job function
really really really smooth so it was a
very different thing that I was talking
about constant Innovation is not the
same thing as being the only guy who
knows how to do it and so you just get
called in the middle of the night by the
owner or whatever exctly and he did
technically end it with or whoever this
was um did technically end it with how
can I make myself indispensable so I
think Linus's answer was like pretty
good yeah yeah um you you want to be
indispensable and yeah exactly
yeah uh evening L LD caught a merch
message in a March W about screen time
for kids and thought lonus put out a lot
of good info curious lonus what is the
standard bedtime in your house for the
kids oh man you got to understand I got
three kids we were all over that stuff
like you know bedtime routine we brushed
all the kids teeth by hand ourselves and
like always did stories and it was
always at kind of the same time these
days it's like I don't know are you
tired I'm tired okay kids go to bed
um you eventually kind of relax on that
stuff um generally speaking one of my
kids is a total night out my eldest
daughter um so I can put her to bed and
you know at 8:30 and she'll still be
awake in her bed just lying there
staring at the ceiling at 10:30 anyway
so what's the point um so I'll send her
to bed if she's like cranky and
obviously needs to sleep but other than
that she's um she kind of sleeps when
she's tired and then the youngest one we
try to get her in bed at you know 8:30
and uh screen time does end once bedtime
starts um however I mean my problem as a
kid was never screens when I was
supposed to be sleeping it was always
books and we do let our kids read in bed
so sometimes they're tired and they're
hard to wake up in the morning but
honestly if I can raise a house of
readers I consider a little bit of lost
sleep to be acceptable collateral
damage Fair okay last of the curate I've
got for you here with how bad the car
industry is getting what do you think of
a reality involving an open- Source car
I know we both believe the vast majority
will not own their own cars in the
future don't those exist K
cars aren't there kit cars that are
effectively open
source so much of making a car is not
the car so much of it is the
infrastructure to produce the car like
look how many car companies there are
that can make one car or a dozen cars
the problem is that the overhead
involved in designing and building a car
and setting up for manufacturer means
that you have to make thousands and
thousands tens of thousands hundreds of
thousands of cars or it doesn't make any
Financial sense so I don't think that
the the traditional model of car
manufacture is going anywhere anytime
soon but who knows hey framework raised
another what like $16 million maybe
that's their next big uh expansion
probably not I actually oh I had meant
to kind of speculate on that but I think
I actually just need to go and lie down
for a little bit before this event I'm
supposed to attend yeah do it get out
here maybe next week why don't next week
why don't we uh why don't we play a
guessing game and see what Frameworks
next um next investment cycle is going
to go into number one was framework 13
number two was framework 16 number three
is something and they're saying it's
going to be quite different yeah not a
laptop right um investment disclosure
yeah yeah all right I think it's not a
um I need to go you guys can hang out a
bit longer if you want but I really need
to go okay bye thanks for tuning in see
you again next week same bad time same
bad
Channel um I can't say my thing cuz I'm
not leaving but bye
lonus um okay yeah High School principal
almost framed for fake racist rant using
AI a clip was posted to a popular
Instagram account with the voice of
Baltimore County Pikesville High
School's principal making racist remarks
targeting teachers students and parents
by name these included one threat to
drag the school's athletic directors uh
wow um actually not going to say
that uh but it was bad and the clip is
still up apparently uh it was convincing
enough that it began to spread
immediately um Emily y says if you don't
want to hear it there are a couple
points where it sounds off and it's easy
to gloss over them because the rest
sounds so
natural
H yeah that's right this stuff is
getting crazy students uh faculty and
the community believed the clip and
really and this led to the principal
being temporarily removed and an
investigation launched the investigation
revealed that it was in fact a fake made
by the schools made by the school's
athletic
director what a
Twist it's good I love this story it's
terrifying that's wild so the athletic
director made an AI clip of the
principal
very negatively calling out the the
athletic director
um that's rough um the investigation
revealed that yeah the Smoking Gun was
that he had used the school computers
and his school email to sign up for the
AI voice imitation service and
distribute the fake
recordings okay forensic analysis points
to a service like 11 Labs which can
synthesize voices with just a few
minutes of audio uh only the principal's
Union Leader suggested that the clip may
be a deep fake one
person how can we be sure of anything we
see or hear anymore is there any coming
back from this uh in my
opinion not really to be completely
honest
um we're in like post truth or
whatever I'm not getting in the chair
this is Luke show you
could that was a of I don't want to I
don't care that's like a that's like a
is that okay I I feel bad about that why
do you feel bad about it I don't know
because this your your in Linus's show
I'm just here to do merch messages yeah
but we used we used to have guests on
the show all the
time I think Elijah was even like hey
can I join and I was like I mean if
James says it okay but I also don't know
how long we're doing this show for yeah
should be a little while longer I guess
a little bit yeah uh I think we have
some other
topics the Cyber trunk may be
bulletproof but it's not waterproof Here
Comes Dan here comes
Dan we're switching C wait I can't do it
what do you mean you can't do
it oh I don't know how to do there he is
yeah I don't actually normally do camera
switching you have to do both
jobs so he has to he has like I'll just
remote into it it's fine it'll be
fine I could do it from home I can do it
from over by Linus's place oh that's
funny uh there we go the Cyber truck may
be bulletproof but it's not waterproof
uh Car Wash wo turns out that the bullet
resistant truck is not able to handle a
bit of water the terms and conditions of
the Cyber truck say that if you fail to
put it into car wash mode your new
$80,000 truck can be rendered a paper
weight Tik Tok user
uh cap caption caption. add went to uh
went to the beach with his dogs and then
he didn't even pressure wash it but
rinsed it out uh rinsed out the bed with
a hose and now his infotainment screen
is completely
nonfunctional whoa uh this includes the
truck's speedometer oh okay uh charging
information and rear camera which is
necessary to back up the vehicle because
the back window is otherwise too narrow
and often obscured by the truck's bed
cover several other users have reported
problems with corrosion in part because
stainless steel is not rust proof merely
rust resistant uh all the Cyber trucks
were apparently recalled every cyber
truck has been recalled due to a fault
with the accelerator pedal uh recall
here means that Tesla will be replacing
the faulty Parts they like slip off
right yeah I think at least part of it
will slip off and get stuck under stuck
it forces the accelerator down there is
the the BR overrides cuz they're all
digital the BR overrides the accelerator
so if you would press the break it
wouldn't matter that the accelerator was
down cuz you would just break but I mean
how long would it take you to realize
that you're not pushing down and how and
are you actually going know that that
would override it you can't really put
it into neutral and you can't like turn
the engine off a lot of the tricks you
would do in a gas car are not going to
work just right into a wall and a trick
that you wouldn't really necessarily do
in a gas carard does work so it's like
yeah yeah it's terrifying not not good
um should use more hot
glue maybe
uh oh yeah here we go here's the detail
specifically it is possible for the
accelerator pedal to slide up while
flooring it lodging the pedal cover
against some trim and causing the pedal
to get stuck all the way down rough it
seems like a problem was caused by an
unapproved change yeah sure we've
experienced one of those we'll we'll
backpack okay I take it back yeah this
happens all the time it was caused by an
unapproved change to the assembly of the
pedal and introduced a lubricant some
soap to help the cover slide on but I
guess that stayed there uh the recall
also revealed that Tesla has only
delivered
3878 cyber trucks oh my gosh so how much
does the Cyber truck cost it's like a
hell of a lot of money isn't it people
are saying the braks are physical still
um non- flyby wire brakes but the I
don't think they figured that out
perfectly yet but the accelerator is the
accelerator my car has a a flyby wire
accelerator cuz you know a lot of
automatics will have the automatic cut
and blip and things like that right um I
mean why would they this is like a
$100,000 truck or something like that
Flagship product I think so why are they
just like gluing on or slipping over a
cover why isn't it like mil aluminum or
you know there's a screw in it like one
screw right at the bottom one single
screw like you know this is just just
one right there and then it wouldn't
fall off like come on I I I was seeing
people do like uh I don't want to deal
with the Recall yet but I need to drive
my truck a little bit what is my fix
just take it off some of those were
pretty funny you can just take the cover
off you can screw it on yourself you can
do there's like somebody screw just
right through it yeah was it going to
hurt the resale value it's been in the
air for like a week it's Prett rusted
and you've had to clean it you're not
going to get your money back on like the
rags and the cleaning fluid for yeah
yeah yeah I don't know yeah I can't I
can't get uh Tesla's website to play
nice right now um it's just forcing me
to select a language oh yeah what if I
actually just pick one okay now it's
working that's
weird um a rivet that's a good idea joah
one rivet do you know the price of
rivets like practically I think they're
like $4 a
ton or actually uh what about that uh
microwave welding thing where you just
like squoosh it and then oh yeah yeah
yeah like I think even the stream deck
is made with that stream deck can do it
why can't
Tesla I bet I they make a good car pedal
I don't know I wonder I wonder how good
it was before they did the soap thing
cuz it was an unapproved change that
they're blaming it on but there wasn't a
fast fit yeah I'm not sure maybe it like
clipped on I mean have you could have a
pretty strong interference fit with like
rubbers or metals or things like that uh
but why would it need soap like are they
putting them on by
hand yeah I'm not sure what the
manufacturing process was but it was a
lubricant to put it on yeah you would
normally well why isn't that lubricant
glue glue it's slippy little bit of
super glue nice uh nice smooth stuff it
just yeah there bloody hell whatever
obviously they would buy it in higher
quantities with bigger discounts but a a
50 pack of rivets from Home Depot is
nine bucks Canadian stainless deal I
think so goes along with the build goes
along with the build have to wash your
pedal after every time you exp down
there but careful don't wash it with too
much water cuz you might short out your
whole
truck put it put it in car wash mode
first I was I was promised
Utopia I don't like current year I don't
think I have for a while
just make good things don't make bad
things uh I we had a discussion question
did we even talk about it what kind of
process results in a truck that isn't
even
weatherproof yeah I don't know man the
um ego is it ego is
it I'm happy with like what
Tesla did by existing which was like get
more interest in EVS yeah um
but like this ain't it I mean to me on
paper stainless steel car cool
DeLorean yeah you clean it with
gasoline that's the best way to clean
the DeLorean is gasoline I didn't know
that yeah it cleans stainless steel
really
good which I think is hilarious cuz we
don't do that anymore and it's an
electric car and gas is like what $34 a
gallon now nearly $3 a liter here it's
about 2 lb a liter in the America that
is over on the other side of the pond
like I don't know it's
crazy uh apparently this
is I don't know if this doesn't seem
like an actual official video oh yeah
white diesel that makes sense but uh
here's their fix I thought this was a
do-it-yourself version of the fix cuz
I've seen this video I didn't think this
was Tesla's fix yeah I mean just
literally that so they I think this was
so when I saw the the one that was
claiming this was a DIY fix people were
saying n it's official okay I don't know
uh but this looks like just like a 3D
printed block that ensures that you line
it up properly and then uh I think
they're drilling a hole and then just
riveting the hole I think is the whole
thing we'll see here in a moment so he's
coming back yeah drilling a hole in it
wait for
it wait for it there we go
there it
is looks like a rivet to
me I'm not a fan of rivets they're not
serviceable
yeah yeah me too I'm going to have to
drill that out right to
repair I mean you could drill it out
though yeah but I agree Robert in
there uh an open Future is on the
horizon get it cuz that's the name of
the operating system uh meta is opening
its Quest V headset software now called
Horizon OS to third-party devices meta
has already uh included three official
Partners planning to planning on
creating Horizon os-based headsets
including a gaming Focus device from
Asus a learning Focus device from Lenovo
and a limited edition meta quest in
collaboration with Xbox meta apparently
wants its OS to become the Android of
virtual reality uh A major benefit for
users is the ability to bring profile
information inform across devices and
device manufacturers and cross device
compatible programs and games uh Adam
thinks a major downside for users is the
ability for meta to track even more of
you uh which is I'm sure 100% of the
reason why they want to do this yeah
that seems like the reason anybody does
anything these days oh we released this
new pair of software it's open and
free we get all the informations uh
discussion question would a default
platform shared between various headsets
via Boon to VR do we trust Zuckerberg to
be the man with the plan uh what's in it
for Mark after the mediocre launch of
the Vision Pro is meta feeling bullish
or bearish on the VR Market as a whole
what about you a lot of questions
actually that is a lot of
questions computer tethered guy yeah my
headset's a screen one of the reasons I
have switched to the index over the the
uh I still call it the cv1 because I was
a dk1 boy been there from the start yeah
get in there for the dev stuff too yeah
uh is because the lighthouse system is a
little bit more open to third party
trackers and like tracking and things
like that than maybe a closed system or
even inside out right um but I mean I
would like to
see the software at least being a little
more open um I don't even see why the
headsets couldn't just be like tethered
headsets but you would attach a computer
module ual to the headset so you kind of
have like headset driving companies and
then maybe also headset display
companies like the index had a plug on
the top and I could just pop a Oculus
Android phone yeah so it's really
turning into like computer and monitor
yeah instead of all in one device yeah
yeah I like the idea of like uh Someone
putting a sticker on their headset
that's like my other my other VR headset
is a computer monitor yeah yeah I mean
that makes sense a lot of the good stuff
uh
yeah I
think they're shared between I think I
think they're bearish right and I think
seems like it I think a lot of people
maybe have been moving away from games
because developing games for VR is
really hard it's a very limited platform
you don't really have too much that you
can do uh in the space and then
productivity like is that
better uh you know I've got this here my
head is unencumbered apart from some
headphones and I do know people
all of the people that I know that kept
their apple Vision Pros mhm uh and
especially the people that I know that
are happy with them are people that
travel a lot and work while they
travel I think that's reasonable and and
travel might even be a very expensive
productivity tool what are your
productivity gains
versus um the amount that you've spent
on it like are you making x amount of
dollars more than you would
or is it for fun or is it for writing
like I don't know I think there's got to
be a little bit of tech passion involved
MH um but I think you've got the if
you've got the tech passion and you can
excuse it as like a productivity for
work SL business expense I think those
want to sell it to yourself I guess yeah
I can I can certainly see that I think
if I had the disposable income and
needed that use case then you know maybe
I would buy it I still have hav't gotten
to try it um it seems to have
disappeared but I don't know just
spatial Computing is a a
concept I'm not sure it's an interesting
one uh Avery Studio says are they using
it while in the middle of traveling yeah
totally like use it on a plane right on
a on a plane passenger seat in a car
something like that train yeah in an
automobile yeah um people are definitely
using them I just I think it's a lot
less common than obviously when it first
came out um maybe it's kind of settled
into its like 600 more hardcore users
who are actually going to get some use
out of it then yeah maybe getting it and
seeing that it's a toy unless you
actually really want to use it like a
super powerful
computer is a good toy a $4,000 $5,000
computer to play games on very expensive
toy right yes yeah as a productivity
tool also pretty expensive you could
could be reasonably uh productive on a
laptop but it's better to be productive
on a desktop so maybe that's the kind of
comparison and there's also some privacy
benefits absolutely uh if you're on a
plane um and you're not in like first
class cuz you didn't feel like uh
remortgaging your house to fly somewhere
you could have bought two Vision Pros
yeah exactly uh then then other people
might be able to see your screen and
depending on what you're working on that
might actually not be okay you might
want to protect your slash fiction you
know yeah all that sort of stuff totally
nobody wants to see your weird Harry
Potter stuff I got to buy a Vision
Pro you know that kind of thing hey yeah
if it if it helps the productivity
of of uh of that then yeah why not um
how about a bike I don't know man I
don't think you can take those on
planes I I think they meant using it
while you're on a bike uh I think maybe
if it's a tandem bike and you're in the
back you could make it work I think what
it's 12 milliseconds of delay something
like that maybe I'm sure you could find
a way to bike around with it maybe once
the fov gets better I'm waiting for
glasses for me super high quality AR
glasses we're not there yet but yeah
that's where I'm okay with like all
right now I'm going to consider glasses
being a productivity tool right my
biggest thing right now is it's it's
something that's going to go in your
face so if you want wide market adoption
it needs to not be really ugly I think
for me I like the uh like the solidar
the
solidity of physical objects right um
when I'm being productive or I'm working
on stuff the last thing I want to be uh
separating my brain into is the
management of my environment right so
I'm working on things and then suddenly
there's a window here but I need it over
here or something like that with a mouse
it's really easy to
just um but now kind of I'm dealing with
floating windows and they have to be in
3D space and I have to manipulate them
and now I'm trying to conceptualize
where my productivity is going and maybe
you would get used to that so this is
kind of it's very new um you know I can
do that on a computer maybe less
experienced users struggle with that
right I have no idea if this is a thing
or not so I might be talking about a
thing that already exists but something
that you might like is if someone made
an app where you could set up like a
workspace and you could have multiple
workspaces and then the things within
that workspace are contained to that
like plane you know what I haven't seen
yet which would be amazing for inside
out and like the Oculus and even the
Vision Pro stuff like that is just
fiducial markers yeah you know uh this
is where my computer marker this is
where my computer monitor is you just
put a little QR code fiducial marker
thing on the desk and now it is there or
you know you put it on a coaster you get
you get a coaster like this yeah AR
things are already a thing we've already
got the AR uh amiibo things as well um
computer monitor right there and then
it's just there you want to move it a
bit you just interact with a physical
object right not everything has to be
digital that'd be kind of neat yeah and
you could still you could represent it
in virtual reality with something that
looks a little bit better with just like
a uh like command orb or something near
that area so you know where to reach to
grab it even if it's
full Dive Right um but if you're doing
some AR stuff then yeah then you can
just see the coaster I guess I mean that
kind of works already with the you know
index and individual trackers and things
like that they are represented so I
don't know yeah maybe po ball marker
yeah I like that use whatever you want
yeah Pokeball marker I don't know Miss
nickle said that I don't sure sure I
mean you could change it to whatever you
want yeah should we uh should we do some
merch messages oh yeah that's a thing
that I was supposed to be
doing uh you can do it from here I know
but I was supposed to be doing that
while I was here oh whatever it's fine
uh I think we have only incoming yeah
cuz I didn't do any of them cuz there's
nobody over there uh Anonymous said
oooo uh you can archive those H the
button at the bottom no I will show it
the whole stream has to be subjected to
an oooo message coming up at the bottom
it will happen and
Q God this is what I have to De with all
day the float plane shot is currently
spamming
ooo
locked
blocked I have so much power now this is
awful uh disembodied head of lonus uh do
you have any recommendations for
podcasts well he's gone um so I guess we
can take this one
over oh no it was to all of us I just
read the disembodied lus because took me
by surprise more interesting yes could
do you listen to podcast no I don't I
know a lot of people that do and I was
attempting to work on one for a while
with a with a friend um oh it was like a
book reading more than anything um
little slash fiction novels I think
there were like vintage bod rippers from
the 1950s that had all been kind of lost
to time um very very interesting kind of
uh like fiction SL like the the birth of
fanfiction almost uh super underground
kind of thing and got a lot of them that
are very rare um so that was kind of
extreme amounts of work like an
unbelievable quantity of work um
otherwise no there's some CBC ones that
are really good yep I've heard of that
uh I don't listen to many um for a while
there when I first started trying to do
weight loss stuff my like knees and a
lot of things were super messed up so
the the best thing for me to do was to
just like go walk for like an hour and a
half basically every day uh so I was
listening to a lot of podcasts at that
time but that was
um a little bit over a year ago at this
point um and the podcast that I
mainlined at that time was the yard and
hubman Lab podcast hubman lab was like a
lot of cool interesting information I
was trying to be more healthy there's a
lot of information for that in in that
podcast so that was cool and the yard it
was
just it's just like hanging out with the
Bros
so it was uh more casual I think you've
talked about that before when we were
doing some of the set redesign and stuff
like that oh their set for the yard is
incredible I I would never really watch
it
because I don't know if I'm this is like
I don't really watch TV shows or movies
at home either if I'm like sitting at
home and I need a recreational activity
I'm going to play games uh so I would
never really like watch their their
podcast but if I was going out on a walk
one thing that was nice is I think their
podcast is usually around an hour and a
half long so it was a good like okay
I'll start it when I start walking and
when it ends that's when I'll end
therefore I'm not like checking the time
all the time and going like okay I only
got five minutes left it's like no it's
just whenever the podcast ends just keep
going keep moving until then um I think
for me like I don't
like it's taken me a long time to get
used to listening to things again in my
free time cuz I was working from home a
lot and of course what I used to do for
work right I can't really listen to
music or listen to podcast while I'm
doing video editing yeah totally or like
working on podcasts or
music so now I just silence like I go to
the gym with you I don't have any
headphones I don't have any music I
don't take an MP3 player with me I'll go
on walks and stuff like that and just
listen to nothing it's like messes
people up sometimes yeah like I'm not
that weird guy at the gym who's just
like raw dogging it just just listening
to nothing and enjoying it uh I can be
totally down with the nothing but
um if I want to do something really high
effort in in the gym I like having music
because it it zones me in I'm I'm that's
what I'll do at work right so it helps
me get into those extremely deep float
flow States yes um I don't think I
necessarily have gotten into that point
at the gym mhm um maybe eventually maybe
yeah I don't know I just yeah it helps
me shut off everything else and just
like really pour into the one thing that
I'm trying to do um helps me hit failure
levels stuff like that but yeah but yeah
I I don't uh s similar problem I can't
really listen to a podcast and do
anything relatively heavy um so unless
I'm walking or driving then it's not
really super relevant my commute to work
isn't super long so it would take me
like days to get through a single
podcast which I'm not super interested
in so sometimes CBC on the radio has
them I like listening to CBC on the way
in most L because it doesn't have
advertisements but you know sometimes
music they have a podcast playlist which
is one of their segments where they
recommend really good ones one thing I
will say is with the death of Google
podcasts I recently was doing something
that I was was very boring and
monotonous and I needed a podcast to
listen to so I tried to pull up some
podcast that I just spoke about human
lab in the yard CU I was like I don't
know I know these um and I tried to do
it through YouTube music what a horrible
experience I really wish Google podcast
was still around YouTube music is not a
appropriate replacement for Google
podcast in in my opinion there's a lot
of difficulty with it my understanding
is that you could really use anything
you want because it's on the back of RSS
yeah so when we upload to um our
platform it goes everywhere all at once
which whoever like decided it was going
to work that
way great job fantastic no notes yeah
like genuine
yeah and how ownership is handled right
cuz we've had to transfer them a few
times we used to be on Spotify now we're
on a new thing called megaphone which
allows us to manage all four or five of
them at the same time which still goes
to Spotify and apple and everywhere else
like that and they're all posted
automatically I learned that because
when I was experimenting with how
podcasts work um I just I uploaded the
Joe Rogan podcast to
iTunes and I just had control over
it because it's just an RSS thing and
you can just go like publish podcast and
then the entire catalog gets pulled
automatically whoa It's really
interesting um very strange now I
understand why merch messages uh diverge
so much yeah yeah makes sense you're
experiencing it uh I don't even know see
I what was the root question you know
any good podcast or something like that
we didn't go that far off I guess just a
little bit yeah I guess so
um are there any plans for LT to release
a bit set case for storing all the bit
sets and perhaps uh spots for
screwdriver stubby precision and shaft
extension all of that sort of stuff on
my understanding is in the works
currently um I think there are some
ideas to maybe release some 3D prints or
something like that so you can do it
yourself while we're still working
through that I know lonus gave away one
of the bit sets during the Wii uh the
the
stream uh the whatnot stream
and I've seen some other mockups as well
a bunch of people have made their own
yeah that's cool and I think they have
like 3D files out for it yeah and I
think that we're also trying to set up
like a um I can't remember what the
platform is but we're trying to set up a
repository where we can dump all the 3D
prints right because I make I make a lot
um a lot of people here make a lot of
internal 3D Oh you mean oh okay sorry I
was talking about uh 3D prints made by
community members no no I think they
should still control those yeah you know
uh but I'm oh sorry we're talking about
completely different things yeah yeah
yeah so I'm talking about both at the
same time so we have ones that we've
done and then also people in the
community have made them and you can
either download theirs or ours or design
your own but are ours available at all
yet I have no idea I don't believe so I
don't think so so still two influx
planning on maybe doing that at some
point but right now you can find
Community ones and and download them and
print them I think ours is just going to
be for bits but I don't know I'm sure
nickl will message me and I will ignore
that but that's fine any updates with
Flo plane not working on Amazon Fire
stick
uh no I didn't know it ever did do
something better
yeah
sorry um oh we were talking about TI in
TV the other day and and the Vimeo
player not being able to like Google
Cast or apple cast or cast or something
like that I don't know video sucks
what's wrong with you why would you do
this I don't like on
[Laughter]
purpose yeah yeah Flo plane the refresh
this what one of my like main jobs these
days is trying to fight any amount of
expansion to Flo plane scope because
it's like my goodness we do so many
things already um I got signed out of
all my accounts and I have to log in
again I'm actually not yeah Jaden's
saying in full PL chap it's a mo it's a
mobile app not a TV app it's like yeah
yeah yeah sorry
that uh hello when when are the new
backpack Carabiner coming out um I have
no idea soon just say soon to everything
soon TM there you go yeah I know they're
they're working on it I I think they
like seated some of them out or
something and they waiting for feedback
maybe that's not even sort of true I
have no idea wrong person to ask
unfortunately uh might be able to hit up
Creator rise up what up what
up it's connected now we're live
again
uh
uh hello no I'm not seeing anything but
people are saying we back we
back can I get some oooos in the chat
[Laughter]
stop got him hey everyone spamming oooo
let's go Li leaves for one
minute my gosh it's
alive oh my goodness see you later Tick
Tock you're no longer the favorite get
out of here at least we got RGB now yeah
so uh people watching on other platforms
thew doow on Tik Tok is apparently where
we're streaming W show in the future and
that was the only
platforms we're back again
what's
happening
what this is why I'm supposed to stay
behind the desk your fault okay it's
your fault Flo plane are we are we gone
again maybe I'm still showing if chat
can hear me when we're live and it's
working you got to spam
oooos and when it dies you got to spam
FS I want all Chats on all the platforms
to go as fast as possible when I'm at my
computer normally I ping 8888 right ping
8888 T this is this is the keep alive
your keep alive is now ooo ooo this is
Mechanical Turk for
for for DNS uh
pings it's it's kind of working it is
working we're very effective status
checks in all of the chats that I can
see real time it's a lot faster than
ping all of the chats I can see are just
ooo right now Global which means we're
working yeah yeah yeah exactly it's it's
a it's a way to communicate with all of
the places that we're streaming well my
heart rate's
up I'm enjoying this there was one of
the sponsor spots earlier I started
cracking up because um it was like uh
aonis I'm going to give you guys another
shout out I guess says according to a
study by cyber security Ventures a Cyber
attack took place every 39 seconds last
year trust me being hacked is not fun
and I was like it's kind of fun
this is not this not a suggestion please
don't do it I certainly had fun yeah but
we had a wonderful time as long as
there's no like permanent damage it can
be an exciting experience yeah we were
talking about that and like that uh that
rise to action that happens almost
immediately did I ever tell you the
story about the car that was set on fire
outside of my house no but everyone's
still spamming ooo so I know we're still
good so please tell me nice um yeah I
mean well when we got hacked both of us
like immed mediately jumped into action
and it was kind of like oh okay go um
and almost like detrimentally kind of
activated I guess um but you know I I'd
met a couple friends at University and I
was driving them back to my place for
the first time kind of like you know new
budding friendships and like all right
we're going to come hang out and as I'm
pulling like up my street and into my
driveway there's kind of like a fire
down at the end of the
road which is weird like a big fire in
the street it's kind of down over a hill
and so I didn't even think like I just
stopped the car and got out and then
just ran down the street I didn't even
say anything to like the two people who
I'm with and like I had I was like
casual friends with these people uh and
this was like the first experience oh we
going to go hang out with Dan and he's
just the fire he just
leaves and so I start sprinting down the
street and I get over the top of this
hill and like okay so it's a car set on
fire and I Sprint up to it and there's
this poor woman there who is obviously
freaking out um and I just basically cuz
I understand in the bystander effect
people just freeze and what you're
supposed to do is you're supposed to
tell people what to do and for me it was
like call 911 um but like she was on the
phone and I just kept like pointing and
yelling at her uh are you talking to 911
or like are you talking to the police or
something like that and so this this guy
it was night so this guy comes running
down the the hill and starts getting
starts are you on the phone are are you
calling the police are you calling the
police are you calling the
police and uh so I'm pretty sure that
she might have been freaked out a little
bit uh the thing is that this car was
not hers uh it had most likely been
dumped there and Abandoned and set on
fire after like a murder so not only
that is someone screams down her street
dumps a car sets it on fire and then
like a few minutes later this random
stranger comes hurling down the street
anyway yeah
so uh maybe don't scream at people who
are in a crisis who have already done
the thing that they need to maybe not
the greatest idea uh but I I will bring
attention again to that my entire screen
is just various chat spamming ooo um why
do you do this which I'm enjoying
thoroughly uh usually I I don't like it
when people just Spam chat super hard
but right now while we're still trying
to figure out like what even just
happened it is kind of useful to have
like very upto-date real- time
information based on if people are
receiving the stream or not my my
favorite is the IM Emoji just the single
I Emoji wo I'll post that in chat it'll
disappear immediately I really like okay
float plane chat is now drawing oooo
with asky art so they're they're
evolving they have
uh they need help uh what do I do lonus
laptop is that how that works there you
go that one that's my favorite oh that's
pretty good horrifying that is yeah
that's like eldrich ooo stares into your
soul that would make me feel better uh
okay so what were we talking about we
were talking about we just got into u u
5.4 5.4 yeah so um one of the things
that I learned recently is that doing
vectorized text in game engines is
extremely
difficult which doesn't make a whole lot
of sense um and so vectors in general
are like really complicated to actually
do in a in a game engine and I was kind
of racking my bread my brain around how
I'm going to be doing some sorry you two
YouTube chat has adopted your ooo and
they're doing the eyes that rare win for
for YouTube
chat i' watching all of the chats is
particularly open this is
sick I will not give you $250 yeah
please yeah no it says the stream's
finished like is it no there we go yeah
don't scare me like that yeah thanks
YouTube chat that's horrible I hate this
oh there Target eyes one oh the target
eyes one is
good yeah oh yeah yeah with the lips
oh boy okay sorry continue I don't know
this is also
good this is this is literally my screen
right now it's just all the
chats do you want to show it off uh sure
yeah if you don't have anything for uh
what is that oh that's a that's the log
that go to them no that's what we can
see okay okay I was like I was like hide
it no that's my command window that's my
uh external ping to to make sure that no
frames are dropping oh cool okay um oh
my God anyway so Unreal Engine 5.4 has
officially come out it's been in in
preview for a little while now and they
have all of these new systems they've
got this like motion combining for
animations this state-based thing that's
really really robust and simple to use
they got a whole bunch of new animation
tools but the coolest thing is the like
Motion Graphics design stuff I don't
know if you've seen any of this no I
just saw that like was happening
actually Bonkers like I I was like got a
little flustered was like incredible so
um basically you've got Niagara particle
simulations um you've got you know the
new Lumen engine right so you can have
unlimited polygons and then real-time
particle simulations real-time physical
simulations laser scans and now they've
introduced vector graphics as well as
Boolean operations layers like in
Photoshop they have a new texture
designer like substance substance 3D
substance material editors that sort of
thing you can now do that entirely buil
onreal engine and it's all real time so
if you're doing 3D modeling or like
Motion Graphics or stuff like that
normally you do Cinema 4D or or blender
or something like that um but now you
can do that in real
time with real-time lighting and it's
also all programmable because it's still
a game engine right so you can use
blueprint prints and do your vector
animations and everything like that so
basically this is incredible for so many
things it's good for me what I was going
to say what are you going to use it for
so um I wanted to use it for an intro
video as well as having some scaler
scalable UI elements one thing that I
was finding that were particularly
difficult inside um Unreal Engine was
being able to adapt to different screen
sizes okay chat relax at this guy at
this you guys are taking the the
spamming more seriously than the than
the oooo you guys got you guys got to
chill I think some of you even have like
Bots running or Auto clickers or some or
Auto input things or something relax
relax a little bit damn at this point I
literally can't even read it because
it's going going faster YouTube chat
significantly yeah um chill dudes chill
it's getting faster you're not helping
maybe not okay I will stop addressing it
maybe it will go away um
anyways yeah so you want to use it for
an intro video yeah so
um uh you ever you ever seen how 9000
2001 Space obiously that sort of thing a
lot of those uh computer Graphics that
were on the screens themselves
physically um are very much like blank
color plus lines and they're all
beautiful grids and they look futuristic
and it's all blocky text right and that
kind of theme was also repeated in alien
and alien
itely single lines and if I want to have
uh this be adaptable to different screen
sizes one thing that I hate is playing
on my you know 4K C2 OLED and then the
textures are all like squishy yeah
because they're small now you can do
that with vectors which means ah
unlimited scaling scaling yeah and then
they've also introduced real-time
Boolean operations so you can push
objects into other objects and you can
also animate um like Graphics over time
and Define your push objects into other
objects thing uh Boolean operations
would be like here's your cylinder and
then I want to make a cut in this
cylinder so I have an invisible card and
then I push them together so I haven't
altered this geometry traditionally
Boolean would be done in something like
blender
um so you would have to cut a hole in
the geometry because it's like add and
subtract so if I take these two objects
in this one's a subtract it would cut
into this or if I were to have this as
an additive object it would increase and
it would still be one object but it's
made up of multiple objects and the
geometry becomes one single like entity
right and normally you would do that
operation in something like blender or
traditional um and then you would you
would uh like finalize it so that object
would become solid and then you'd have
to retopo the whole thing right because
all of those curves and things are going
to be destroyed now you can do that in
real time so I could animate the
movement of objects through it and
then huge thing most of my game is
entirely made of instances right it's
got like one Cube and then everything's
instance so it's performative yeah yeah
um you can instance in the motion thing
and then simulate real- time nanite
particles on your objects and with Lumen
as well say the example I saw the other
day was a was a
dut they had like a billion are
surprisingly common yeah yeah so
obviously a cool example but they had
like a billion Donuts being rendered in
real time with shadows sheesh uh and
also real-time physics
so uh every single version is
incredible and um this one for for me
personally has a lot of features that
I'm going to touch a lot of complaints
with Unreal Engine for a long time is
that you're basically
modifying like you're making a mod for a
first- person shooter rather than making
your own
game right it's hard to do a different
genre mhm and it's slowly getting better
and I think it's slowly becoming just
the most insane engine oh yeah obviously
it's it's like character-driven focused
yeah with the animation tools but I
think we're also going to see a lot more
uh anim ators coming out of this too
right
um the the way that you can do rigging
and animation things and they've
automated a lot of the process and
they've also made it a little bit more
intuitive to do and simple um for me
learning 3D modeling is like almost
impossible for for characters especially
because I just can't get past weight
painting I don't know how to make a good
rig and then if you want to make changes
to that rig you would have to take it
out of unreal right and you'd have to
re-export it and get your objects back
and then like re-trigger everything and
maybe your animations in a real world
all broken but now now it's a little bit
more self-contained I suspect people
might especially people that have been
in the scene for a while CU When you
when you start looking into game
development there's a lot of like use
this variety of tools to accomplish your
end goal
right engine right I think people might
underestimate how
much needing one thing will lower the
barrier of entry for people this is
going to lower the barrier of entry for
me who was kind of already over the
initial hump yeah like I know basically
how all these programs work and which
ones I'm supposed to be using I'm still
just garbage at them all um but now that
that efficacy of getting to a level
right the barriers for blender are like
okay well welcome to blender learn 400
shortcuts please then of course they
released 3.8 and I had to relearn like
all of them or whatever the version is
that they changed it and I had just I
just learned them all and that's me
because I'm a beginner right I I think
there's also even just like the the
question of what game engine should I
use is
already difficult enough for people what
game do you want to make yeah I don't
know well then I don't know what do you
play yeah I don't know I like lots of
stuff like well maybe I want to why are
you making a game what is like after
after that kind of R lines of
questioning is like okay well why
because because you you think it's fun
or cool I think a lot of people
especially in like high school might be
doing it uh just to try something to
learn something whatever yeah just pick
one yeah learn all three at the same
time but then you so you have decision
Paralysis on the game engine but then
you also have decision Paralysis on all
the things that are associated it gets
worse and it does not get better and
then what everybody forgets about is uh
audio Yeah so do now do you go with f
mod or well why is pick
one f is so fod is is like a audio
plugin for all of these engines and then
the direct competitor is wo wise w w
wise I don't know actually how it's
supposed to be pronounced unfortunately
I like wo wise I like wise goes along
withing um but yeah I know that that
wise is more industry focused and fod is
way more approachable okay uh but
they're still like okay well yeah you
could do the audio inside your engine
but it's better to have another tool
that modifies that but now you're
learning that like it took me a while to
understand that I even had to change my
mindset when doing OST work because now
like Celeste is probably the best
example that uses fod I think I've told
you this before I think this is accurate
but Celeste has every single piece of
music playing simultaneously through the
entire game uh and then it just
dynamically picks between them and Fades
between them when it's appropriate right
like okay and now I have to program that
so not only are you working inside Unity
or your game engine now you have to have
the conceptual kind of understanding of
this thing is happening what process and
what variable do I write that the game
is going to modify that is then referred
back to my audio system that then gets
modified there and there's two different
layers of there right you have like on
or off or you can have um you know
floating Point stuff but then the graphs
that modify the sound are inside fod are
different and then you can also have
Global variables inside fod to mod like
manage a bunch of stuff and then there's
bus tracks and Reverb and now I'm
working with steam audio which is like a
ray tracing system for like real time
projections and then
like I I just wanted to I just wanted to
make an RTS and I just
I want my 10 years back so which which
one do you you said there's one that's
more industry focused and one that's
more approachable which one are you
using for your uh your non hobby project
I would use fod for both okay um mostly
just because I kind of like fod and
that's the more approachable one already
I think so I think actually for my
personal project I will just try wise
you know um I think it's probably a good
opportunity to learn it yeah um and if
it doesn't work you know stick back to
fod yeah cool um I learned substance
painter substance painter is a lot
easier to get your head around after you
understand how it works uh it's not like
Photoshop it's about it does it for you
but you have to kind of make it do it
for you and your your personal project
one you said it's a 3D game it is a 3D
game which one of the reasons why I went
with um unreal um I did try to remake it
in go do gdo uh but yeah do you know
which one it is I believe it's gdo I I
hear people that go dot work in it
semi-professionally say it both ways I'm
not sure I mean it might be might be
like a bunch of different pronunciations
yeah yeah anyway sorry but yeah 3D 3D
engine
um but it's quite static the problem is
that there's a lot of rotations and
there's a lot of vector math and there's
a lot of um automatic generations and
objects and it can be a little bit
complicated especially trying to keep it
performative when yeah sorry sorry
everyone just noticed the dead pixel
where is a dead
pixel there oh oh
crap uh I think people have been
spamming about it oh no let me
look is
it
yeah
yeah oh no
yeah I mean these cameras are getting on
a
bit luckily at least people only noticed
it now so it's not going to drive them
nuts for the whole
stream that one looks okay yeah I think
you're
good oh oh
no I can't even point it that I know
it's too far I see it too does my hand
get in this screen yeah up there yeah
okay well all right oh no so it's not
every camera but yeah two of
them whatever
whatever what was
that someone threw these at
us that's cool
get out of here not sponsorship
um 3D why did that just happen okay
don't think of it yeah so why why did
you decide to go with CU you blueprints
I like unreal because of blueprints okay
so blueprints are phenomenal for a
really approachable way of getting
programming done it's maybe it's not
quite as performative as programming in
C++ obviously there's some overhead uh
but they're good and you can also use
them to move into C++ because you can
write Blueprints and each little node is
basically just a C++ object so you can
dive into them and write a custom
blueprint note yeah yeah so that's a
good answer and a good point and I I do
also think blueprints are cool but what
I really meant was why did you decide to
do 3D for this game because the way that
you've described it to me it needs to be
so why um because of the way that the
space is represented
so I wanted it to feel
claustrophobic oh okay
and the limiting space Factor also had
to be in 3D so you've seen uh the
Windows like 95 screen saver with the
pipes right yes love it so it's that
always loved
it but as a game yeah and a resource
management it's a resource management
game so you're inside a cube yeah right
and each of the walls are kind of like
your factories or whatever you want to
think about it however you want to
abstract it away this one makes this
number go up this one makes a different
number go up and each of them have
different requirements and you have to
connect them together with wires
basically like pipes right and so if you
can think about laying pipes in 3D to
each of the
walls and I think there's something like
400 individual node points that are uh
available uh for me to use at least U
maybe not to the player that's a little
bit ridiculous so now we've got 400
nodes 400 nodes 400 nodes and now all of
the wires have to connect to each other
like the difficulty is in managing those
connections and figuring out where they
go and uh uh like even just how to route
them and how to keep them organized like
I don't know if you've ever played
factor or something like that but
keeping the belts all pretty and like
flowing and organized is kind of like a
fun way to uh to play Factoria or you
can do spaghetti um and the resource in
this
game
is the
walls yeah so like the amount of space
you have on the walls right that's right
yeah and then yeah I guess you'll like
Tech up over time and whatnot yes
exactly but to replace something you
have to destroy
it which might at least temporarily ruin
economy I'm assuming it's actually like
you're yourself so like so you
die cuz you're the computer that the
outside walls are powering and so it can
cause cascading failures so like you
delete one little module and you didn't
lay out your wires so all the wires go
away right and now you have to trace
back and find it and you have like 30 40
seconds or something like that to get
the new module and the wires pluged back
in um or or like yeah I don't know you
run out of power and die critical
failure critical failure blue screen and
I just added this new system called
abstraction where you can add in another
Cube next to it and have resources that
pass through the walls right and I spent
like 3 hours working on this dolly Zoom
thing where the cube uh comes into your
view which is normally an isometric
right and then it pulls out into um
uh orthagonal right and then you can
move around and pick your next Cube and
then you zoom back in right and so now
not only are you managing with the wires
that are going in the cube you're now
managing uh cubes on top of Cubes right
so think the my my elevator pitch is
like factorio inside a 4D hyper Cube
yeah right so it's factorio in 3D space
but if you [__] up the wires you die
sorry I always forget I don't even think
it's playing right now whatever it's
fine um yeah okay there's a fun sort of
offshoot tangent do you want to explain
how the swear button Works cuz you just
said I don't think it's playing right
now and I think people might not
necessarily understand what that means
oh yeah so swear button is uh track
inside
Reaper um and it has a tone that is like
the
c400 or whatever it is uh that is the
swear noise and then the swear button
here uh actually just solos that track
which mutes all of us because if if I
were to put a swear bleep over just my
mic here Luke's mic would pick it up
anyway right so I have to kill all of
the mics simultaneously right
so that's a pretty quick and easy way to
do that uh if you if you push it you
still have to still have to push the
button
sorry the uh I'm trying to go through
merch messages while we're talking about
this a significant amount of merch
messages are just
oo you know worth it it's worth worth
which is making my job a lot easier
right now so I appreciate it yeah um
what else can we talk about I don't know
what's going on do you mentioned
something about trying gdau
oh yeah I've been I've been doing can't
just talk Game Dev all the time I have a
lot of thoughts uh they will get me
we're just tangent to go into more Game
Dev yeah so I don't know what I'm trying
to keep the conversation I'm new at this
okay yeah I mean I I've been doing it
just as like a learning thing like I I
feel like you're going on a direction of
you might actually like do something
with this I've made like 15 games sorry
I have failed at making 15 games yeah so
I'm there there that's a good way of
saying it I'm planning on failing on
making a you will fail at making a lot
of games and the more games you fail at
making this goes for you guys out there
too the more times you fail the more
times you've done a thing at
all yeah fair enough yeah so like but
like I'm not even necessarily the plan
isn't even necessarily to ever succeed
yeah I'm just having fun Pok around see
how was having fun initially and then
I'm kind of like wow uh like I got past
minimum viable product okay and I I got
to play it for like the 20 seconds that
you could like that was that was fun
did you did you die did your robot die I
no I mostly just die because I'm testing
to make sure it triggers properly right
that makes and at what point of the you
delete the wrong wire you die you delete
the end point that's feeding another
thing you die you delete the Middle
Point you die uh right you need to keep
that and so like redundant systems and I
don't know it's going to be ridiculous I
think it'll be fun yeah I'm still I'm
still just working on clear codes clear
code has this tutorial on YouTube that's
11 and a half hours long and then you
realize that there's like a 3-hour
extension to it and like good I sent
that to a friend recently he wants to
get into Game Dev it's fantastic it's
really really good um he wants to make
that's nice and he hasn't changed what
he wants to make in a couple years now I
Chang what I want to make essentially
every time I sit down and work on it but
that's I'm completely okay with that
right now because I'll just like blow up
everything I've done and I want to learn
how to make this system right yeah yeah
it's like what what if I what if I did
these things would that work and then I
smash it together I'm like no or yes or
whatever else yeah yeah oh here's some
advice don't do anything with an
inventory system yeah that sounds great
ever yeah my current plan is to do so
but I mean it'll probably change by next
time you might actually know how to
handle that probably better than most
people do not make an
RPG I will shoot you that is 100% the
current plan my my current plan so the
the the game the game that I currently
want to
make um the game that I currently want
to make I would not be able to release
because there's too much like it
entirely leans on another IP oh yeah
yeah U so I I want to remake in 2D a
like old school RPG version of the
starting town for wood elves in uh
EverQuest one called Kellan
okay because that was like cook that was
the first MMO that I played I remember
how the city looked I'm not even you can
go back and play it there's like 99 uh
1999 scape or something like that 2007
Escape 2007 Escape ha why did I say 99 I
don't know no idea um OG Wait no that's
RuneScape no no no project 99
is uh EverQuest okay project I think
it's called project 99 I thought it's
project okay project 99 yeah project
1999 classic EverQuest 2007 Escape is
RuneScape that's what I thought you
meant I'm talking about EverQuest okay
um um so I I played both of those games
when I was a Wii one um but yeah I'm
just like my my theory with that is I
can just make that like starting area
with you know the the crushbone Orcs I
don't know why I remember this I didn't
play project 99 I just remember this
from when I was like in there right yeah
so I I I I can make the Orcs I can make
that area I can make the skeletons
outside the town I can make the little
bee things that you fight I can make the
town I can do all this other kind of
stuff and by doing that it gives me a
fairly defined scope and that's why I
wanted to do that I don't plan to make
it a whole game just the starting area I
know the enemies I know the areas I
don't have to think about a map anymore
I don't have to think about the music
anymore I don't have to think about the
names of things anymore I just build the
things and try to make them work and
then I'm going to fail in 87 different
ways and then I can't release it anyways
so it's like a project that
is intentionally never going to work cuz
I could never release it because it's
based on someone else's game I think
another thing that that I ran into a lot
when I was starting to not even Beyond
scope right it was like what system do I
fail at so here's a concept for a game
that's nice and simple um how fast can I
get to where I can't do it anymore I
really like RTS and I really like
obviously Resource Management games and
I'm I want to go home and I want to
relax so I'm not going to be doing
anything that's super high energy and I
don't necessarily like the external
pressure of like hey do this thing or
you die um because I'm an antagonist
like my game you're your own antagonist
it's your fault yeah you suck you're
your worst enemy so you're attempting to
be and so I wanted to move into like RTS
style that you know Town management just
for fun and because I like them and it's
it's entertaining to work on uh and then
oh was like oh it's Friday all right so
now I just got to make the little dudes
like walk around each other and uh and
like get past objects that I build and
then I learned what AAR pathfinding was
and I thought I'd have that done in like
an afternoon and then I discovered that
people write PhD thesis on uh on
pathfinding algorithms every once in a
while I I like watching visualizations
of algorithms on YouTube because I find
it fun and pathfinding ones are like
super interesting I did about a week of
that before I went nope yeah okay so
this entire genre is off the checklist
right so you're basically building like
a model of like okay well I can't do
this for me I can't do art like I can't
do 3D art very well okay right I'm not
super great at 2D art besides I don't
know marker stippling stuff can't really
make a game out of that uh so now I need
a concept people have made games out of
a a lot of I was going to do a game jam
with one I made out of clay which would
have been fun yeah stop motion clay yeah
um right so you're kind of breaking down
this this what things am I good at SL
enjoy you don't even know what you can't
do totally you have and it's weird and
it comes out of nowhere and there are
things that you don't expect like um uh
uh text layout and like ux design and
I'm like hate that uh I'm not very good
at this yeah uh I can't get it from
where I see it in my brain to where it
looks pretty or right and then you're
going to look at your project and it's
always going to be this like Mark on it
I don't know I've always enjoyed
projectiles like I made a in in high
school we had a we had a course that my
absolutely fantastic teacher who's a
principal at a different school now um
but Mr trle he came he made a course for
the people in in like effectively my
grade cuz he could tell we were all very
interested in this and it's called 3D
game programming and as far as I can
tell he like went to BCIT over the
summer and like learned some stuff and
turned it into a high school course for
us which is just so sick um and the game
that I made for that was I I just I just
uh I pulled a battle State Games making
tarov and just downloaded some assets
instead of making them myself because uh
some people more interested in like
making the 3D models and I was like I
suck at this but you do well on Steam in
current year yeah asset flips are a bit
of a thing I've noticed that on the same
side of the coin nobody cares if you
make your own assets either yeah so I
was your your main character in my game
was a snowman okay and you shot
basketballs out of your face at ninjas
um let's go I was just like whatever
he's like the easiest to find models I
could find and my whole point was
effectively I shouldn't have done this I
was like trying to make a point like I
don't like me 3D models cuz I was a
dummy and just I guess wanted a lower
grade I don't know stupid kid but um I I
like wanted to focus on the mechanics of
the game so I I focused on the the like
projectile physics of this basketball
basically so it could like bounce and
then off of the varied terrain and then
hit the ninjas in different ways and
stuff
um I I don't know I think it's I think I
still have the code somewhere but like
just gives me nightmares about Collision
detection yeah but I like that I know
yeah right and so that's kind of like
where you're like that's that's now your
game I'm literally doing that stuff now
inau I'm I'm stuck on collision
detection CU I'm enjoying it it's a been
a fun process and like what is your
happens after what is your Collision
update rate yes and is it decoupled from
the frame
rate yes it is good answer but but that
is it is not it's
not U if I remember correctly gdau does
um Gau has built in ways doesn't let you
do it the wrong way they do let you okay
but they throw warnings good good good
you can ignore them it'll compile with
those warnings and you can play the game
but it will be coupled to the frame rate
um but it it makes it really easy
because when it throws one of those
warnings it'll
it'll Mo modern like idees are so
fascinating to me because back when I
was doing programming heavily there was
no like GitHub and all all the IDS like
sucked and everything was terrible and
now everything's like like so helpful
and nice um but it'll tell you yeah
exactly where the problem is and Link
the documentation that will help you
solve it so like I ran into this problem
yeah clear code ended up explaining it
like seconds after I dove through it
which was fine but um I I I dove through
the problem because I was like this is
this is dumb because I was watching the
clear code video and I could see the
thing moving across his screen and I
could see it moving across my screen I
was like these are not at the same rate
something is wrong I think it's TI to
rate this is terrifying I have to fix
this and then he ends up explaining how
to fix it in his video it's actually
super super easy there's there's stuff
built into gdau to help you fix timing
which is great it's really nice um it's
it's super easy to to mess up in Unreal
Engine because like event tick is right
there you can just drag off of it but I
want my game to run at you know 140 200
FPS um I can't be searching through
arrays every
uh you know what like one
millisecond I don't think so it's it's
just unperformed right it's also just
like if you if you aim to make a game
super performant the main benefit in my
mind is that
it can be not performant and still
playable if it if it you can play it on
something that's junk and it's still a
playable game I to me most games 240 FPS
I'm too old to be FPS competitive
like it's not going to make a difference
for me yeah but that's that's one of my
I have two core tenants for this support
any screen resolution in any aspect
ratio and have it run at high refresh
rate I'm struggling because the game
view is one: one okay because it's Cube
you're inside a cube okay yeah
so that's not super hard to render
limited right
yeah
um where do you put the UI when you're
on a super ultra wide like I've got a
super ultra wide on my desk there and so
I'm playing on this how do I make use of
like two feet of black
bars yeah I feel like so there's like
those kinds of problems too right I feel
like my Sol because this is stuff I
don't like working on so I feel like my
solution would just be like stretch
graphic of some kind well I was just I
just have them here but then they're
tabbed and it's no I mean like just yeah
have the UI be tucked in and then so you
don't have black bars just like make it
take some like graphic that's like the
inside of a computer system to some
degree and then just stretch until the
end like whatever cool that's actually a
great idea I I don't know if it's a
great idea but that that's the type of
thing that I would do because I'm just
like I don't want to deal with this
problem go away but there's a lot of
stuff in the UI that's tied to tick or
that's tied to updates that need to
happen constantly because you know you
delete something um the propagation
might take a couple seconds right and
and the the bricks themselves are
constantly checking to make sure that
they're
still alive basically uh they have their
requirements met right and so if I was
doing that 200 times a second it would
be uh insane so you
know like one every
10 10th of the second it's totally fine
yeah let's uh let's try to pow through
some some merch messages and then and
then bring this thing to an end um I've
got one for you which is about what
we're currently talking about so we're
really not going that far off but uh Dan
isn't your game basically an allegory
for self-improvement you have to leave
your comfort zone in order to
advance uh yes um it is and
um I've built it on the kind
of the mindset is like shelves so you
know I've climbed up to this level I'm
comfortable here everything's fine I
mean the game's the game's called a cop
pathetic right so it's it's it's cool
you know you're you're cool you're fine
uh but you can't go anywhere like you
can't get to the next level you can't
get the next research you can't expand
or all um and you have to do something
scary I mean you can prepare for it
that's the nice thing about it it's not
there's no time pressure you can sit
there for year you turn the game off you
can walk away forever and you're not
going to have a problem uh but you're
not going anywhere until you start
destroying
things so that they can be built back
better it's like it's like life it's
like poetry you know they rhyme ah very
nice I've got another one for probably
you um hey Dan and Luke whatever uh I've
been using Tinker CAD for all my 3D
print modeling really want to start
using a more in-depth CAD software what
do you use SL recommend that's entirely
on you I use solid
works uh which is not necessarily for
everyone um there's loads of them I'm
not a huge fan
of um I can't remember what the other
one is now the Autodesk product Fusion
360 thank you um mostly because what
they've been doing to like creators and
and people that use it they used to have
a discounted
maker uh tier like if you didn't really
make money with it you could learn it
and then they did a
tarov where they just got rid of that
and now you have to pay a subscription
and everything's like cloud-based and
it's really expensive um not that solid
works any better they're extremely
expensive but there's lots of like free
parametric stuff I'd say that solid
works is attainable to U people if you
really want to learn
it
um I don't know for a lot of people
solid work LLY yeah get get on solid
works solid works will teach you a lot
of transferable skills um but you know
parametric is the skill I'm I'm really
good at parametric modeling not like
some of the designers we have in CW but
I understand parametric model I don't
understand
blender like I've been modeling since
high school right um but I can make
cubes
nice I can't make uh people right makes
sense there's loads of free ones and
there's loads of good ones Rhino is
probably one to look at
but solid works hi DL I recently had to
log into a laptop that I hadn't used in
15 years not knowing my password I used
fingerprint login what are your thoughts
uh regarding the use of Biometrics with
them being hard to
change being hard to change lighter like
your own Biometrics are hard to
change really hot car oh my goodness uh
wow um
that's an interesting question that is
an interesting question what happens if
you lose your finger in a government
facility slightly oddly specific
uh uh we hard our keys when we're on
camera do we have to start like doing
this sort of thing I think our cameras
are maybe not good enough for that but
they're they're breaking I got to get
new cameras now yeah yeah where is it
there right here
here um oh well we don't have any more
of these yeah we this is literally all
three of them isn't it yeah that's right
and someone pointed out apparently the
one that we thought was fine actually
does have one your one I don't know what
one it was cuz I didn't see it uh what
is it loot cam oh I still don't see the
where we have that thing on the screen
oh is that covering it there's a thing
on the screen that you guys can't see
that we can see is it behind that let me
know when I
yeah uh you're over it yeah not over the
bar though there you
go I still don't see
it
oh oh there it is so it was behind the
thing oh that sucks
well cool okay whatever
uh oh Biometrics I think Biometrics are
pretty cool actually um are you okay
with them not changing I mean mostly
that's okay yeah if it was face ID would
it no longer recognize you if it's been
15 years absolutely could also if if say
heaven forbid there was like an acid
attack or something that happened like
yeah bad shaving yeah usually I I and I
think this was the case in this
situation as well though usually
biometric logins are backed up by
passwords so it's not your only way to
get in um which is why I generally think
they're cool um should we move to
chips embedded I've always like I I I
knew some uh get them for here biohacker
dudes when I was in high school that
were doing that um like way before it
was it's not it's not normal now but
that this was like way back and they
sent me a video of them just like
hanging out in this like basement Suite
that they all rented together like
stabbing themselves with giant needles
yeah I've always kind of wanted the
magnets oh the fingerprint T yeah
fingertip mag sense yeah that's pretty
interesting uh
anyways that's a topic I have no right
to talk about um not with that attitude
get some experience there Luke Steph D
Steph D says I'm almost four months
behind it would be awesome if you could
read this message on stream to remind me
that I sent a merch message when I
finally catch up there you go done
um hey L & D I hope you're doing well I
recently started my data center career
with Amazon and things have been
interesting what is the jankiest thing
you've seen a big company do not
counting LD I have an answer do
you I was able to pre-think about this
so I could go first if you want I'm not
sure I've seen
a uh like server room type situation
where the power was controlled with a
light
switch and the light switch was not not
in like a security box or anything there
was just like a piece of paper to it
that was like don't flip regular UPS
testing yeah that's all it was it's it's
very astute business
decision yeah yeah I've also seen the
like hey the server is this laptop Don't
Unplug
it I think that okay Jank is thing I
worked at a job and they needed a
microwave
link um but they couldn't really get a
very expensive powerful one right uh
they're kind of difficult to get you
need special regulations not if you set
the country to a different
country and then just set it to like
nuclear power levels of bird melting it
can go whatever distance you want that's
I think I don't know if that's janky or
just extremely Reckless but I think it
was Abra to a to a building like oh we
just had this pole we bought this giant
microwave transmitter off of eBay for
like 300 bucks we're just going to zap
strap and then set it to melt
Birds sheesh but it gets 200 feet
now but it's solved it's solved um don't
walk under
it what happens what what is this did
you create this one uh what happens oh
streak my brain I also red strip I read
steak oh no steak Yeah
steak Okay so hey Dan and Luke and lonus
what happens when the streak breaks will
you start a new one or open when to
other hosts do you plan to uh replace
who has been uh in established positions
for some
time uh I think this is one of those
situations where I'm going to give the
really annoying answer of the Street's
not going to break I don't think so yeah
that's kind of the idea I think at this
point we've all described the like
relatively Atomic scenarios that we
would go through in order to keep the
streak going
so uh I I don't necessarily really see
it
happening I don't know I don't think so
I would like to uh and like I've done
the production remote I would like to
try it from far away Vancouver Island in
October yeah yeah I think that would be
fun yeah yeah how remote have you done
the stream my house yeah okay I think
it's I think it's fine there will just
be little delays not even cuz I'm coming
in like uh I don't know like basically
Linus's level right it's 300
milliseconds or less that's what I'm
saying like very little yeah shouldn't
even really matter much um but yeah I
don't know there is no plan in place
because I don't think I think we're all
rather stubborn people yeah the the the
streak is to do it every week
forever yeah
uh hi DL Luke have you watched AMC AMC's
show Halt and Catch Fire I strongly
recommend it no never heard of it uh
it's good show is AMC watchable up here
without Linux
isos I
uh I don't
know I don't know about any of
these Sean Sean I don't I don't watch TV
sure Sean says awesome show Halton Catch
Fire what is this it's like
a birth of computers oh but as a drama
and it's fun it's very fun cool uh not
that I have seen it or consume any media
because no of course
not just a server full of Linux isos
anyways uh I think that's it I think
we're done I think we just finished the
show okay so you want to say the the
line uh you don't have to if I can even
remember I'm mostly focused on just
getting to push this button and IGN you
guys I'll do both thanks for tuning in
to the W show uh tune in next week uh
same bad time same bad Channel except it
will actually be a different time oh
yeah no it'll it'll be later than
this this is when we're supposed to
start yeah we were supposed to start 10
minutes ago we're never going to happen
anyways bye
by push the button now I have to run
back over to the other computer
[Music]